The Pillar of Fire (ENG)






1. Prologue

“When the dead body touched Elisha's bones, it came to life and stood up on his feet.(2 Kings 13 :21)”. Even my article is poor like Elisha’s bones, but I pray from the bottom of my heart that everyone who reads these leaflets will receive their souls and is filled with the light of Heaven.

In the hope of saving even one more soul, I have written these articles at each moment and they have been published serially in a Dong-a newspaper. At this time, by God’s grace, I can collect the series of articles into one book of “Column”. I just want to glorify God’s name through this book. I really thank God for his mercy.


In Kumnan Library

Kim Hong Do  






2. To Die is The Way to Live.

Someone come across some fire in a deep forest and was about to die.

After thinking long, he set fire at the very place where he was stood.

The fire started to spread out further field, he jumped into the burnt ground and save his life. Like this, to give yourself up is the way to live, to deny yourself is the way to make others and yourself live. Jesus said to his disciples, "If anyone would come after me, he must deny himself and take up his cross and follow me. “Unless a kernel of wheat falls to the ground and dies, it remains only a single seed. But if it dies, it produces many seeds”. Like his saying, to fall to the ground and die is the way to harvest tens, hundreds times of fruits.

All the fruits of sins came from self-centered thoughts. Jesus denied himself. He even died on the cross but was resurrected and forgave and gave eternal life to whoever believe him. To surrender yourself to God is truly the way of victory.






3. The Visible and The Invisible.

Some years ago, for the accident of an atomic energy power plant in Chernobyl, Russia, many people around world were quivering with fright and threw vegetables and fruits away. It is reported that over 150,000 people would die of cancer within ten years for this accident. This radioactivity is invisible, tasteless and colorless but has enormous power. The air as well as radio electric wave is invisible. God is also invisible because He is the spirit. For man, the mind is more important than body and spirit is more important than mind. It’s like an egg, the white part is more important than the shell, and yolk is more important than the white part. Man’s spirit, created in the image of God is invisible but eternal. When you accept Jesus who shed his blood on the cross for our sins as your savior, you have eternal life in the form of a resurrected body at the final judgment day and will live in the heaven eternally. Otherwise, only eternal punishment remains.






4. Dream and Vision

Dr. Norman V. Peale once gave three keys to achieve goals.

First is to visualize. Once you set the goal, you have to picturize in your heart that your goal is achieved. Scientists also believed that the power of imagination has an enormous power like a razor beam. Disasters and accidents happen to those who always think of them, and success and victory are given to those who always picturize them in their mind. Next is to prayerize. Prayer is like a power and channel to pull up the eternal power of God. Whoever believes in Jesus as his Savior can pray in the name of Jesus. Millions of million people experience the answer of prayer.

Third is to realize. Procrastination makes no improvements.  We have to hit the ground.

“Well begun is half done.” Even the turtle pull out his neck to proceed.







5. Two Kinds of Adultery

No matter how beautiful your wife and great a cook she is, if she loves other men and has affairs, you cannot accept her. Even though she may lack of something of this quality, you may want more pure, innocent love. The Bible solemnly warns adultery which tramples on the happiness of man and destroys the peace of family, the basic unit in society. However, the worse adultery, a form of spiritual adultery is to worship evil spirits and bow down to an idol. That’s because the relationship God and His children in Bible is represented as bridegroom and bride or husband and wife. In the Bible, kings and countries which worship other gods and an idol collapse. Physical adultery is denounced in the 7th commandment, but spiritual adultery is criticized in the No. 1 and 2 commandment. You shall not make for yourself an idol in the form of anything in heaven above or on the earth beneath or in the waters below. From past to present history, the country believed in Jesus Christ became a civilized nation and improved the nation. The faith of Christ is the only way to overcome Communism.






6. The Wisdom of Forecasting Final

The Francis Newport, the chairman of atheist club in England, said before his death “ You don’t have to tell me there is no God, because there is God and I stand before His wrath. You don’t have to tell me there is no hell, because I feel my soul is tumbling down into the hell. Stop saying that I have still hope, because I realize I am deserted forever.” Thomas Scott, an atheist said, upon facing death, “I thought there was no God and no hell, but now I realize there are both. Ah!, I shall perish according to the righteous judgment.”

The greatest wisdom is to forecast the final destiny and prepare for it.

Just as man is destined to die once, and after that to face judgment,(Hebrew 9:27)

Jesus shed his blood for us and "Whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. (John 3:16)






7. The Preciousness of Soul.

Plants have life and body(soma). Animals have body and soul (pshyche) but no spirit. So a smart dog may understand the traffic signal and buy some stuff from market.

But, Human being has body, soul and spirit(pneuma). This spirit resembles the image of God, can communicate with God, and is a form of eternal existence. It’s like the egg which is composed of a shell, a white part and yolk. However, although we are disconnected  from God and can’t recognize God from the sin, by the blood Jesus Christ shed on the cross for the redemption, whoever believe Jesus can get eternal life, feel God’s presence and enjoy the eternal happiness in Heaven after death. Otherwise, we would face His eternal judgment of suffering.  Jesus Christ earnestly told us,” Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather, be afraid of the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell.” Jesus Christ is the Lord and the Life.






8. Possession and Happiness.

In one of Tolstoy’s story, there is a story like this. One man bet that he would give his land to anyone who steps as far as he could. Someone began to run as far as he could. Finally, the man returned to the starting point after stepping much area before sunset, Unfortunately, as soon as he arrived, he fell down and passed away. In the end, he can own only his feet as much as he can be buried. Jesus said to them, "Watch out! Be on your guard against all kinds of greed; a man's life does not consist in the abundance of his possessions."  In other words, it’s not by the possession that decided happiness and unhappiness, or the longevity and shortage of life. Jesus said, "It is written: 'Man does not live on bread alone, but on every word that comes from the mouth of God.' The true way is to believe in God’s words and follow it. When we believe in Jesus Christ that words  becomes flesh, our spirit is revived, and we can get true satisfaction.   






9. Virtue does not Persecute Vice

Suffering by vice is not persecution but suffering by virtue is.  Blessing of God and prize lies in it. Even though vice persecutes virtue, virtue should not persecute vice. We can avenge over North Korean which sank South Koreans fishing boats and killed its crews. Even Russia shot down civilian airplanes with missiles, we, South Koreans, can not do the same thing to them. In the Bible, Cain killed Abel because God looked with favor on Abel and his offering but on Cain and his offering God did not look with favor. “Do not be like Cain, who belonged to the evil one and murdered his brother. And why did he murder him? Because his own actions were evil and his brother's were righteous(1 John 3:12).” Jesus could order over the dozen of angels to destroy the enemies but took the cross with the patient. Through this, he saved the people on earth, has been glorified with resurrection and conquered Satan. There is no end to violence and revenge. 






10. Modesty and Gratitude.

When the ship “Lady Elgin” was sinking, one young man dived and saved 17 people’s lives. When he was asked how many people appreciated for saving, he replied no one did. W.H. Beecher said “Pride kills gratitude. Arrogant men never think they owns enough as much as they want. The famous pastor Spurgen said, ‘We can look up to the star light in the dark sky. God allows the moon light to those whom thank for the star light, and sun light those who thanks for the moon light and the light of eternal Heaven to those who give thanks to God for the sun light.’ Those who were thankful got the blessing not only from men but also from God. The ancestors of America, The Puritans, thanked God first of all after his first harvest, and hitherto, they celebrate Thanks Giving Day as a National Holiday. That’s the reason why America has grown and become the most prosperous country in the world.  






11. A Sacrifice of Atonement

One day, one railway bridge over the valley broke due to the heavy rain and storm the previous night, in the Northern Province, Scotland. One little shepherd boy who passed that spot in the early morning found out this accident, ran towards oncoming train to stop it, anticipating upcoming enormous disasters and casualties. Without knowing about the accident, the train kept on running by blowing the horn. But, the boy stood firmly with waving his hands and didn’t move back, finally hit by the train and died. Through this sacrifice, hundreds of passengers could avoid the accident and their lives were saved. Like this, Jesus Christ becomes a sacrifice of atonement on the cross in order to save sinful, corrupted mankind. Any criminal can be saved and get eternal life once he believes in Jesus Christ and accepts him as his savior for all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God, and are justified with freedom by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus. God presented him as a sacrifice of atonement, through faith in his blood. (Romans 3:23~24) Whoever believes in Jesus Christ can get salvation free of charge.






12. The Great Axiom

Someone said “God is like an axiom”.  In math, an axiom means a self-evident truth in other words, some proposition that does not need to be proved. For instance, “a straight line is the shortest distance between two points” This” we accept without any proof or evidence. It is obvious that God is the Creator. It’s like an axiom. An invisible God came from heaven to earth in the shape of the visible God, Jesus.  Jesus said “Anyone who has seen me has seen the Father.” And he also said "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.” You can’t come to God without believing in Jesus first. As we accept the axiom without thinking, we can’t experience Jesus Christ without accepting him as the savior.






13. The Necessary Hypothesis

The latest scientific progress such as nuclear weapons and semi-conductors can appear on the basis of hypothesis. No latest scientific logic can exist without hypothesis. As we must accept the hypothesis first in order to understand the latest-scientific-truth, we should believe and receive God, the Savior and the Source of life to know and experience God. Pascal said “Life is like gambling. If you take atheism, your life becomes negative, full of emptiness, despair and death, while if you take theism; it becomes positive, full of love, hopes, and eternal life.”

"For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.” If you believe first like hypothesis, you will come to know that.






14. Those who do not forget the favor.

I heard some funny but sad story that Someone saved a drowning man by seizing his hair. The others praised the rescuer but the saved man blames the rescuer for seizing his own hair. We usually forget a favor easily, like a saying “We carve our  grace in water,

but grudge into the rock. “One student donated one million dollars to the Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio, USA, he is Dr. Stanley Hanley, president of Great Power, a student who didn’t pay back 200 dollars to Wittenberg University thirty four years ago. His success is thanks to his characteristic of thankful heart. “Devote yourself to prayer, being watchful and thankful (Colossians 4:2)”. In western saying, the most difficult arithmetic problem is to count the blessings given by God. Those who remember the favor give glory to the Lord and gladness to people.






15. Do Not Forget Grace.

People who thank for a favor are blessed from God and achieve success in society.  Fred, a pilot in US Air Force, crashed into New Guinea being gunned down by Japanese in 1943. The native hid and cured for him so Fred came back to his country safely. He didn’t lose the native’s gratitude and collected contribution to found a school. In 1970, he and his wife went to New Guinea, found a school and stayed for 14 years taking care of cocoa trees. Psalms 50:14 reads: ”Sacrifice thank offerings to God, fulfill your vows to the Most High and call upon me in the day of trouble; I will deliver you, and you will honor me."” Appreciation is the base of virtue and fundamental to our life. If you don’t thank the Lord, your parents, your teacher, you’ll be a useless man.






16. The Self-sufficient of the Blessed Man.

Fanny J. Crosby was a blind person who has written 9m000 hymns of praise. He wrote many famous graceful hymns such as “All the way my Savior leads me.” “Blessed assurance, Jesus in Mine” She became blind by her maid’s carelessness. While listening to the bible her grand-mother read to her, she comes to open spiritual eyes and in praying, inspired and wrote many spiritual hymns. When she was 9, she prayed “Father, although you can recover my sight, I don’t want to. I know you will give me clear eyesight when I go to heaven. I hope to see you with clean eyesight.” And she also said, “I want to thank the maid for making me a blind person when I meet her.” Truly, people who have the grace and love of God, lead lives of satisfaction, instead of complaints and resentment in all situations. 






17. The Life of Trusting Lord

The word “Trust” has the meaning “Rolling Away” To believe in God is to trust God. It’s to cast all our cares away to God, as we roll the rocks down to the valley of mountain.

1.     We should cast all our cares on the Lord. When we trust and rely on the LORD, He will look after them for us.

2.     We should take refuge in the shelter of the Lord. Then the LORD determines our steps.

3.     We should have perfect faith in God.

Do not struggle to do something by yourself, just fully trust in God then He will hold you and leads you. Fully-Trusting Life will be the perfect victory life.






18. Do Not Judge.

According to Dr. David H. Frank’s study of 1,000 in neurotic, he concluded that the neurotic usually sharply criticized others. Jesus said, “Do not judge.” It does not mean ‘Don’t judge right and wrong’ There is a statue its eyes covered with cloth and holding a balance of scale in a court. America. Men can easily make the wrong judgment.

Something seems to be wrong in my view, but right in the eyes of God, something may be right in the future, good superficially but wrong at closer inspection. And, it is easy to say to your brother, 'Let me take the speck out of your eye,' when all the time there is a plank in your own eye. We have to look at ourselves humbly.  For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged. For in the same way you gentle others, you will be gentled. A modest person doesn’t sharply criticize others. When you point with a finger at someone, you are pointed by the rest of your fingers.






19. He Weighs Our Deeds.

When King Balthazar gave a great banquet for a thousand of his nobles, suddenly the fingers of a human hand appeared and wrote “MENE, MENE, TEKEL, PARSIN” on the plaster of the wall. No one could read the writing or tell the king what it meant. It means “God has numbered the days of King Balthazar’s reign and brought it to an end.” King Balthazar had set himself up against the Lord of heaven. He had the goblets that Nebuchadnezzar his father had taken from the temple in Jerusalem so that the king and his nobles, his wives and his concubines might drink from them. God judged him. That very night Balthazar, king of the Babylonians, was slain. "The LORD is a God who knows, and by him deeds are weighed.(1 Samuel 2:3)” He weighed all men’s deeds in the good or bad things.






20. The Life of Serving

In English, the words “Understand” is a compound word, “Under” and “Stand”. If you want to understand others heartily, you have to be in their shoes and look at his surroundings. Christmas is the day when Jesus Christ came to earth in order to understand, love and save us, even giving up his heavenly glory and was born as a son of a poor carpenter in a manger. He prepared his work as the son of man, he leads all of us to the way, truth and life. Later, he showed us a sample of his humility as he washed  his disciple’s dirty feet with his holy hands. At Christmas, we need to carve this spirit in our hearts.






21. The Blessing Fear

It is reported that more than 70% of diseases are caused by fear and worry. Fear is harmful for health but there are necessary fears and reverence.

① Reverence of God is helpful and a blessing. “The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge.(Proverb 1:7)”. You can overcome any other fears if you revere only one, the Lord.

② He who scorns instruction will pay for it, but he who respects a command is rewarded. All paganism stemmed from the no-fear for the Scripture.

③ You have to be afraid of the wages of sin. You’ll repent of your sin if you seek pleasure. You’ll pay an eternal penalty for your sins of earth. Whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life and Heaven.






22. The Sacred Birth and Modesty

In English, the word “Understand” is a compound word, “under” and “stand”. If you want to understand others heartily, you have to be in their shoes. In order to understand, love and save us, Jesus came to earth, even giving up his heavenly glory and was born as a son of poor carpenter in a manger. Later, he even washed his disciples with his holy hands. At Christmas, we need to carve this spirit in our hearts. It is nice and appropriate to belittle us and we tend to have no power. His death is like a four-star general who threw away his badge, spent his time as a PFC, and went back to his old position. Like the general, Jesus made himself low and died for us.






23. The Resolution of Abandonment.

A ship wrecked in the ocean. Fortunately, one ship was passing by there. The shipwrecked passengers were picked up by a passing ship. The crew in the helping ship shouted to the passengers to throw all the baggage away and hold the rope to be saved. All of the people threw away their baggage and saved. But one man in a golden vest denied taking off his vest, was drowned by that weight. It was possible to save the drowning people again. but, in his case he was too heavy to pick him up because of his golden vest. So he drowned. 

Sometimes, when we give up something, you can find the way to live and get a golden opportunity of success. If you stick to something and never give up, you will be ruined eternally. It is said, “Those who valiantly give up can succeed dauntlessly. Those who can throw away the love for material, for formal things and for failures can find the new  way of success. In Korean chess, the winner knows which one he lets die and live.






24. Forgetting the Former Things.

When you see the old year out and the New Year in, there is something you have to forget. Your failure, hatred, sad thing, big loss etc. People who stick to the former things can live the new year successfully. Isaiah 43:18 reads: "Forget the former things; do not dwell on the past.” Doctor Norman V. Peale said we need to cleanse our soul as we wash our face and hands. A neuropath or other patient who suffering from disease related to neurosis would stick to the former things and can’t forget them easily. Satan makes us stick to the former things but the Holy Sprit drives us to aim to the future. I pray that you live the blessed year with a new thought forgetting the former things quickly.






25. The Structure of the Human Body

An egg consists of three parts-shell, the white part and the yellow. The man is also parted into three parts- body(Sarks),, soul(Pshicke), and sprit(Pneuma). 1 Thessalonians 5:23 reads: “May your whole spirit, soul and body…” The function of body is to live the world with consciousness, the soul takes on self consciousness and the sprit covers God’s consciousness. Mental patients are those who lost their soul, their own self. The spiritually dead are dull in God. Although they may have a broad knowledge and a developed soul, they can neither seek God and the spiritual world, because their spirit are dead. Jesus said you have to be born again. You can get the second birth by believing in the Cross. As John 1:12 reads: “Yet to all who received him, to those who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God”






26. Habits and Life.

Whether you enjoy success or suffer from failure, or are happy or not depends on your habits. Someone could not become a noble vessel of King. Instead he became an ignorable vessel of dog because of such bad habit such as drinking, gambling, smoking, lewdness, matrimonial quarrel, and lies. At first we commit a sin accidentally, and then do it intentionally and finally we follow the devil’s temptation. Ephesians 4:22 reads: “You were taught, with regard to your former way of life, to put off your old self, which is being corrupted by its deceitful desires”  I pray that you cast off your old habits and put on new habits. When you believe in Jesus Christ and accept him, then you will become a new self.







27. The Unhappiness of Unlikelihood.

During Korean war, the pastor Kim Yong-Eun, ministered the church in Jungdong Holiness Church, in Kun-san. He refused to evacuate to the southern parts, saying “ I didn’t leave here during even the Japanese Rule, I think, the communist are my brother, they will not treat us terribly and they would be better than the Japanese.” Unfortunately, a total of 23 people including his mother, younger brothers (sisters), and nephews (nieces) were killed by communists after all. He never thought it possible. He bore a grudge against communists. Communists fired missiles into KAL airliner, and were enough bold to murder cruelly. They are planning to build Kumkang dam and pull it down to merge Seoul into water.

Communism is Satanism.  “No Maybe”, “No Compromise”.






28. The Blood

The word of “blood” is written seven hundred times in Bible. If blood is drawn from your body, you will die. Like this if you remove the meaning of blood from the Bible, you can’t get eternal life. In the Scripture, it is written “For the wages of sin is death, the blood is the life.” We are supposed to die, detached from God, the source of life and we have fallen into eternal hell by our sins. Only by Jesus’ blood we can reconcile with God and get eternal life. Leviticus 17:11 reads: “For the life of a creature is in the blood, and it is the blood that makes atonement for one's life.” Hebrew 9:22 reads: “without the shedding of blood there is no forgiveness.” In the Old Testament days, performed a religious service was performed by animals’ blood but Jesus, the Son of God, came to earth in the flesh, was crucified, and shed his blood for our sins. Now, whoever believes in Jesus will get eternal life and enter heaven.






29. The Secret How to Achieve Goal.

Dr. Norman V. Peale said once three keys to achieve the goal.


1.     Picturize. Once you set the goal, you have to picturize in your heart that your goal is achieved. The scientists also said the power of imagination has an enormous power like a razor beam. So picturize the real image what you really want.

2.     Prayerize. Pray eagerly to God. Jeremiah 33:3 reads: "Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know”

Besides this, God promised us that when we pray in the name of Jesus, he will answer our prayer.

3.     Realize, while you pray desperately, if you think it’s the right time to do something. You should hit the ground to achieve it. Like the saying, Well begun is half done.”, do it without hesitation.






30. Savior or Judge

Once, one judge rescued a drowning man at a beach. Several years later, that man  stood before that judge again.  On trial for a serious crime, the criminal appealed to release himself as the judge did at the beach. But he said coldly “I saved your life in mercy at that time, but I’m not a savior, just a judge.” The book of John 3:16 reads: "For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.’ And in John 3 : 17: “For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.” In Hebrew 9:27“Just as man is destined to die once, and after that to face judgment.” Like the Scripture saying, all men must die and then face judgment in front of God. But then, Jesus is not a savior but a judge if you don’t’ believe him.






31. Spiritual Graft

An egg consists of three parts-the shell, the white and the yellow. The man is also made in three parts- body(Flesh), soul and sprit. Man is an eternal being like God because God created man in his own image. Plants and animals that have no spirit end their life with death. But man will be in everlasting heaven or hell after death. There is another life beyond death. Although we water a small kind of persimmon tree, there is no fruit. So graft the tree upon the persimmon tree. We can’t have salvation through our cultivation, because we are descendants from sinned, fallen Adam. But we can be saved by grafting our spirits upon Jesus, the second Adam. John 1:12 reads : “Yet to all who received him, to those who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God?“






32. Soul’s Instinct.

No matter how smart the ape maybe and well he mimics, he doesn’t know  how to worship God, or to pray. This is because they don’t have a soul. Men, however, even the primitive ones who live naked, seek God, pray and believe in the world after death. It’s because man is a spiritual being made after the image of God. All instinct has its object to meet.

The one famous atheist Thomas Scott screamed when he died, “I have thought there is no God and no Hell. But I feel both exist.”  Voltaire, the illuminist and philosopher, also cried out at his death, “ I am falling into Hell.” We have to know this one thing. Jesus Christ shed his blood for our sins on the cross so whoever believes in him can have  eternal life and enter the Heaven.






33. Is Church Necessary?

While hotel is easy used as a place of lewdness, gambling and all kinds of sin, no one really cares for this  very luxury building. While many people criticized building church.

① Church is the light and salt of world.

84% of institutions for the orphans, the elderly people and the handicapped people are run by churches or Christians. Even the country founded by pirates after they received Christianity turned into country of Gentlemen and ladies.

② Church is a hall of blessing.

Over 90% of civilized, blessing countries with a high GNP are Christian countries. The more countries have churches, the more blessings they have.

③ Church is the ark of salvation.

University or police station cannot save the soul.

④ Christianity is the only way to protect this country from Communism, Satanism,

and defeat it. If churches had not worked actively, prayed passionately, our country

would have been communized earlier than South Vietnam.






34. Mysterious Book

The Bible is a mysterious book in seven aspects.

① In the process of making ? It has taken 4,000years to complete. ② In the agreement

- All 66 books have an agreed subject and idea. ③ In the range of the world ? It is the oldest book and has the most powerful influence. ④ In terms of sales ? It is the world best seller in all generation. ⑤ In terms of interest and concern ? All levels and kinds of people in world read it.

⑥ In terms of language ? Even it has been written by the most uneducated author, it’ s regarded as the highest work in literature. ⑦ In preservation ? It has been persecuted so many times and kinds but, it still is preserved. That’s because the Bible is the word of living God (Hebrew 4:12~13) and word of eternal life(1 Peter 2:13).







35. Urgent Voice.

One man who loves fishing so much, went to fish to the beach with his cute daughter. For poor catching, he moved here and there to catch fish while putting his daughter on the rock near the beach. In one place, he could catch a lot of fish and forgot his daughter. When it  began to get dark, he found that the rock was down in the wave, his daughter had been swept away. He was so far away that he couldn’t hear daughter’s scream. Like that, aren’t you so far away from God that you can’t hear his God’s calling? Or aren’t you sinking down to the pleasure of body and idleness without hearing the distressing shout of lots of souls falling into eternal perish?

God wants all men to be saved and to come to a knowledge of the truth.( 1Timothy 2:4)






36. When God Stays With Us.

One piece of sheer paper is easily torn even with the little finger, but when it is laid on the iron board, plank, it cannot be torn even with hitting fists. Like this, we are weak, but when we receive Jesus Christ as our Lord, not only can we be saved from our sins but defeat any kinds of difficulty and pain sufficiently since God stays with us during our life. In the book of Isaiah 41:10, it reads ‘So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.’ God is calling us even now. Jesus shouted, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.” You, who live demanding, weary lives and suffer from unbearable pains. Come unto Jesus!.   






37. Must Be Born again

The eggs just coming out of the mother is no just a chick. The chick born twice, hatched from the eggs, can watch, eat and walk. When Jesus said to Nicodemus, the religious leader, “Man must be born again.(John 3:16), he couldn’t realize it and asked Jesus “How can a man be born when he is old?" How can a man be born when he is old? " Jesus replied that flesh gives birth to flesh, but the inner man has to be born again to enter the Heaven and live eternally. One birth dies twice, two births die once physically and enter the Heaven. To be born again is like a blowing wind that we can not explain. By believing in Jesus, we can be born again. It’s like an ovum that meets a sperm to make a life. Faith is the key to open the spiritual world.






38. Power of Prayer

Jesus Christ, son of God, didn’t teach how to preach but taught us how to pray several times. Furthermore, He gave us the sample of prayer “Lord’s Prayer”. In the Bible, the church is called more often “The house of prayer” than “The house of Scripture” and the great apostle, Paul, didn’t say keep on reading the bible or praise the Lord, but said 

Keep on praying without pause”. Someone insisted “The history of Christianity is the history of prayer”. Even the one who has a Doctor degree of Divinity can neither know nor experience God with theory and studying. It is of no use for those who didn’t pray while they lived in this world to regret and beg during their eternal punishment. Everyone can believe in Jesus and pray in the name of him. If they pray with faith, they will experience the response of prayer.






39. The Right View of Value.

These days, the inversion of value is a serious problem. To establish the right value.

① We have to know that being is more important than doing. Good tree bears good fruits.

② How to spend our wealth is more important than how much we have. If you don’t know how to spend, more possession will give you more unhappiness. God counts on not how much we have but on how we spend.

③ To serve is worthier than to be served. Calvin said “Even the king does not rule his country righteously without serving his people.” Jesus said in the Bible “even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many."

④ The peace of spirit is more important than physical satisfaction. The body is ephemeral, the spirit is eternal.






40. Principle of Brokenness.

Without breaking through the shell of an egg, the chick cannot be hatched and become a life. Without being dropped and pealed, the wheat seed cannot become a new life and bear lots of fruits. After the bottle of perfume has been broken, its smell fills the whole room and is filled with Jesus’ complement and blessing. After God touched the socket of Jacob's hip so that his hip was wrenched, Jacob got the blessing of “ Israel”. Without breaking the shell of egg, self-pride and obstinacy of the people, belong to the world like the bottle of perfume, and Jesus Christ can neither enter into our hearts nor get the true blessing. Sometimes, God touches the socket of our health, the socket of business, of children, of possession. Through that experience finally we give up useless worldly hopes and meet God and have eternal hope.







41. Eternal Hope(1)

There are three arches in the entrance of the great Catholic church of Milan. On the first door of arch, it is written, “The rose and all pleasures are short”. On the second door, “All pains are short”. On the final door, “Only eternal things matter”. Truly, since man is a spiritual, eternal being, without solving the matter of eternity, they cannot have true satisfaction and peace. "All men are like grass, and all their glory is like the flowers of the field; the grass withers and the flowers fall, but the word of the Lord stands forever." And this is the word that was preached to you. (1 Peter1:24~25). All human beings can get the guarantee of heaven when we believe in and accept Jesus Christ as our savior who shed his blood and died on the cross to redeem our sins and was resurrected.






42. Eternal Hope (2)

One grasshopper climbed up on a green painted stick to look for food. But, no matter how high he climbed, he couldn’t find anything to eat. On top of the stick, he looked around with disappointed eyes. Since man is spiritual being, eternal being, he cannot have true satisfaction and peace from higher social status and astronomical money without solving problem of the spirit and eternal living. After Jesus fed all the crowd fully with five loaves of bread and two fishes, he proclaimed that feeding is not the purpose of his coming. He said that “For my Father's will is that everyone who looks to the Son and believes in him shall have eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day."  I tell you the truth, he who believes has everlasting life. I am the bread of life. The Spirit gives life; the flesh counts for nothing. The words I have spoken to you are spirit and they are life. Everyone can believe in Jesus Christ. Are you ready for your eternal destiny?






43. Wasteful Love (1)

There was a man who had two sons. The younger son asked a lot of money from his father. But not long after, he wasted all his money in a distant country, he returned to his home as a beggar, but his father ran to him and threw his arms around him and kissed him not only did he give a ring and his best robe, but also brought a fatten calf and killed it to hold a party for his son. The older son complained to his father about that. "Why did you greet him when he lost all your money? As you know I've never disobeyed your order but you never gave me even a young goat." and his father said "This brother of yours was dead and is alive again" Real love is forgiveness and sacrifice. God always forgives and saves any of us who admit sin and return to him.






44. The Wasteful love (2)

Mary was called a hooker and a seven demon-possessed woman who broke the jar of perfume for Jesus in gratitude of forgiving and saving, so she broke that and poured it on Jesus' feet. As Judas fell down into hell, he rebuked her harshly "Helping the poor people is better than that," this is because he could not understand her wasteful love. But Jesus praised her behavior. Eventually, Judas cheated Jesus with some money.

Finally, he killed himself without using the money and also was punished to go to hell forever. Not only could the older brother not understand his father’s deed, but also Judas couldn't understand Mary's wasteful behavior who received a lot of grace. As you can see , some superficial Christians always calculate everything instead of giving love..






45. Possessions and Happiness

Most people misunderstand that the possession of a lot of money can makes our life most happy.

Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlevi, the king of the Iran has accumulated lots of money as equivalent to three years budget of Korea. But he was never been happy, because he was exiled as president from his country. He had to wear a wig, attach or take off his false mustache and change his eye color a lot and also hide himself here and there during that time. Eventually, he died of cancer miserably, in one of the hospitals in Chicago, after pm operation without paying for it. If he could change his mind and swap his possession for a status of innocence, then he might have been a respectable and delighted president. I'd like to say, if you throw yourself around like a possession, it may never happen the way you want things to happen.

“A man's life does not consist in the abundance of his possessions." (Luke 12:15)”







46. The Purpose of Existence

All creatures have a purpose of existence in terms of theology. Everything is designed for a purpose, every day things such as pencils, telephones and clocks. However, the purpose of existence is not only for the object itself, but it is also there for the creator. For example, a clock doesn’t exist to rotate; it exists in order to let people know the time. Like the clock, the purpose of human existence is not only to work, sleep, and eat but to also to worship God. And by believing in God you will find true happiness and satisfaction in life. If you don’t follow this way of believing, you will not find true happiness. By satisfying God, he will return the same favor to you.






47. The Existence of Interacting with God

Plants have only their body and animals have body and soul. Even if plants have a life, they can’t have a knowledge and emotion because they have no soul. Some smart animals such as dogs, monkeys are able to go to the market to pick some stuff and recognize the traffic lights since they have a soul. However, animals are not able to pray to God or worship because they don’t have the spirit. On the other hand, since a human being is the spiritual being who is created by God’s appearance, a human being tries to seek for God to worship and to praise. However, with a view that “The result of sins is death”, a human being is mortal and is not able to acknowledge and be associated with God. Since, Jesus saved our life by blood on the cross, when we believe in him, we can now associate with God in the right way.







48. The Remedy of Loneliness

There are more people in the world who struggle with their loneliness than we expect. In terms of personality, introspective and a people with a sense of inferiority complex usually suffer from depression. Also, people who don’t have a certain goal in their life or don’t believe in God suffer from depression. To recover from loneliness, firstly, you should try to be kind and help others instead of being helped by others. Secondly, you should make an effort to keep your certain goal. Lastly, the single most important thing is to believe in Jesus and receive him as a savior who came to earth to take care of all your needs. In Matthew 11:28, it says, "Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.”







49. Reckless Courage

The famous in 18th century, illuminist Voltaire, asserted that it took centuries for Christianity to prevail, but I approve that Christianity can be disappeared within 50 years. After declaring his words, he wrote down so many atheist books which were against God. However, after two decades before his death, Geneva bible association bought his house in order to publish books related to the Bible. After a while, the house became the headquarters of publishing international bible in Paris. The Holy Bible still goes on in order to change and save lives of a number of people. On the other hand, one copy of Voltaire’s book only cost 90 cents. He regretted his words and said right before he died “I should have not been born” And he also said “I’m on my way to hell” although he had said during his life that there was no hell and heaven. Please, do not be silly and make the same mistake. You will regret it for the rest of your life.






50. Forgiveness of Sin

Before I watched on interview with KIM Hyun Hee who had killed 115 innocent people by bombing a Korean Air Plane, I had hated her when she said “I cannot be excused even if I died over a hundred times. However, my anger for her started to change into mercy on as she repented with tears from her eyes. Even if, people who are full of sins want to show their mercy on sinners, how it is possible that God who is full of mercy and love will not forgive the one who let their sins down to him with a true heart? Whenever, you accept and believe in Jesus Christ who died on the cross on behalf of your sin, he will save and have mercy on you. Proverb 28:13 says, “He who conceals his sins does not prosper, but whoever confesses and renounces them finds mercy.” And also 1 John 1:9 is saying, “If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.”







51. The Most Foolish Man

Thomas Paine mocked Christianity by writing his book which is named by The Age of Reasons. And he asserted that my his was designed for getting rid of the bible; The bible will be gone away within a century and you will find a bible in a museum. In 1794, his book, The Age of Reasons, was published in London and he became miserably solitary due to his book. He felt regret for his book and said “The Age of Reasons should have not been written and if withdrawal all my books is possible, I would give up anything in my life.” Thomas Paine had laid down on the bed, he spent meaningless time until he died in 1809. In Psalm 14:1, it is written “The fool says in his heart, “There is no God.” They are corrupt, their deeds are vile; there is no one who does good”







52. The Existence of Responsibility

The younger person you are, the less responsibility you have and the older you are, the more responsibility you might have. To be called a mature person, you should have a responsibility for yourself, family, society and nation. If something is beneficial for you and not for your family, you should not take its advantage. On the same token, if something is profitable for your family not for your country, you should not take it. The holy bible adds one more thing to the statement above. If something is helpful for human being and not for the way of God, you should not do it. As history knows, General Noriega, the prime influence in Panama, made a profit of roughly 4.5billion dollars a year by trading drugs. What he did was sinful.






53. Authoritarianism and Authority

Recently, we can see and hear of many articles which are against authoritarianism due to the dawn of the common. Needless to say, authoritarianism should be rejected. However, a society and nation rejecting authority will be chaos instead of cosmos. Authoritarianism should be rejected in terms of supporting dictatorship, oppression, arrogance and a false show of power. But, if authority itself is denied, a society and nation will be perished. An apostle, Paul, said “Everyone must submit himself to the governing authorities, for there is no authority except that which God has established. The authorities that exist have been established by God.” while his nation was taken by Rome. If you owe taxes, pay taxes; if revenue, then revenue; if respect, then respect; if honor, then honor (Roman 13:1) and Peter said " submit yourselves for the Lord's sake to every authority instituted  among men ( 1peter 2:13)

and Jesus said " Give to Caesar what is Caesar's, and to God what is God's"






54. The Purpose and The Means.

By purporting “a purpose rationalizes means”, Communism, which is Satanism, commits anything such as homicide, war, lies and violence in order to extend communism. However, the truth of the Bible doesn’t work that way. Whatever the means to accomplish a purpose in a God’s way may be, do not execute it in an illegal way. To work for God’s mission, the way that belongs to Satan cannot be acceptable. For instance, when a thousand people are going to die because of hunger, if you kill an old man who is rich and then distribute all his money to the poor people, it sounds like good idea but it’s not true. No matter how good your purpose may be, you may not take a means in a wrong way. Jesus also said “the one using sword will be killed by sword itself” When Jesus was dying on the cross, he didn’t curse the people through murder. In contrast, God gave him a throne and revival so that Jesus conquered the world with love.
