
Prologue

Why Should We Believe In Jesus ?

                         By Rev. Kim, Hong-Do (D. Min)
                                 Pillar of Fire Publishing.


-The Lords Prayer-

The Lords Prayer
Our Father which art in Heaven, Hallowed be thy
name. Thy kingdom come.
Thy will be done in earth, as it is in Heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread.
And forgive us our debtors as we forgive our
debtors.
And lead us not into temptation,
But deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingdom,
and the power, and the glory, forever.
Amen.
(Matt. 6 : 9 -13)
4 Why Should We Believe In Jesus?
The Apostles Creed
I believe in God the Father Almighty, Maker of
heaven and earth, and in Jesus Christ,
His only son our Lord, who was conceived by the
Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary, suffered
under Pontius Pilate, was crucified,
Dead, and buried: He descended into hell,
The third day He rose again from the dead:
He ascended into heaven, and sitteth on the right
hand or God the Father Almighty: from thence He
shall come to judge the quick and the dead.
I believe in the Holy Spirit:
The Holy Catholic Church: The Communion of
saints;
The forgiveness of sins:
The resurrection of the body:
And the life everlasting.
Amen.
Why Should We Believe In Jesus? 5
The Ten Commandments
1. Thou shalt have no other gods before me.
2. Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven
image, or any likeness of any thing that is in
heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or
that is in the water under the earth: thou shalt
not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them.
3. Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy
God in vain.
4. Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy.
5. Honor thy father and thy mother.
6. Thou shalt not kill.
7. Thou shalt not commit adultery.
8. Thou shalt not steal.
9. Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy
neighbor.
10. Thou shalt not covet thy neighbors house.
6 Why Should We Believe In Jesus?
<Table of Contents>
Prologue
Chapter 01 Why Should We Believe in Jesus?
Chapter 02 An Unavoidable Solemn Fact
Chapter 03 The Three Greatest Goals in Life
Chapter 04 Why Suffering Exists?
Chapter 05 Repentance and Blessing
Chapter 06 The Seven Wonders of The Heavenly
Kingdom
Chapter 07 The Mysteries of Jesus
Chapter 08 Perfect Tithe and Blessing
Chapter 09 Savior or Judge, The Lord?
Chapter 10 Does Hall Exist ?
Chapter 11 Rendezvous with Death
Chapter 12 The Gospel of The Blood
Why Should We Believe in Jesus? 7
Prologue
We Welcome You With Upraised Hands
We welcome your registration in this church with
great enthusiasm. We pray that God’s Blessing will
be upon you and your family.
The most precious and most blessed day for you is
the one on which you accept Jesus Christ as your
Savior. After having grown in your faith, or after
having entered Heaven, when you look back, you
will realize that accepting Jesus and receiving
Salvation was the most precious thing you ever
did, more precious than becoming the president, or
a minister, or earning even a billion dollars.
Any sinner can be saved and become a Child of God,
if he firmly believes in Jesus, confesses Him aloud,
depend on Him and loves Him with all of his heart.
I deliver to you the most fundamental and
important message for reassuring and a
newcomer’s faith, in this book. I therefore ask you
to read it through in its entirety, with a humble
and praying mind.
8 Why Should We Believe In Jesus?
Again, I wish that you do not become discouraged
and stop your life of faith, becoming like empty
chaff, but keep our belief even until you enter the
Heavenly Kingdom.
Amen.
Senior Paster BISHOP, DR. HONG-DO KIM
Kumnan Methodist Church







Why Should We Believe In Jesus?
Why Should We Believe In Jesus?
“…for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and are justified freely by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus. God presented him as a sacrifice of atonement, through faith in his blood. He did this to demonstrate his justice, because in his forbearance he had left the sins committed beforehand unpunished…” 
(Romans 3: 22~25)
Among all the messages that you have heard and will hear in your life, this one could be the most important; it could change your everlasting destiny. I would like to share this short message, “Why should we believe in Jesus” with you.
1. We Should Believe Because Man Is An Eternal Being.
Man is not a being which lives for 100 years and disappears, but one which has eternal life after death.  The American, William Jennings Bryan (1860-1925), once found a 3,000 year-old grain jar while visiting a pyramid in Cairo.  There was a dried bean in the jar, as hard as a stone. Although it showed no signs of life, he planted it anyway, and it soon sprouted buds and leaves and even bore fruit. If even an annual plant can live again 3,000 years after its “death”, then how can man, the Lord of all Creation, merely live less than 100 years and end his life with death? There will surely be resurrection, everlasting heaven and hell after death! If there were be no life beyond death, we would not need to believe in Jesus. 
All living things can be divided into three levels. Plants, though alive, can’t move or think. Animals, - birds, fish, dogs – etc., have a body and soul, which enables them to move and think. Moreover, certain animals can calculate and even read traffic signs. Yet no matter how smart they are, they can neither seek God nor worship Him because they do not have a spirit. Only man has a spirit as well as a body and soul; even the savage seeks god and believes in a world after death. This is because man is a spiritual and an eternal being. Evolutionists have said that mankind evolved from the apes, yet this is a lie, for which there is no proof. If they were correct, we would have found some process of that evolution around us - but no-one has seen it.  Apes cannot praise or worship God for they have no spirit. 
Put near the lake, a chick never tries to swim; on the contrary, a duckling just goes into the lake and swims. Although it has never been taught how to swim, it has been born with the natural instinct and ability to swim, unlike the chick. In the same sense, man is a spiritual being, so he believes in Jesus and eternity. Man can never have true satisfaction or peace in life until he meets God. 
2. Because The Wages Of Sin Is Death.
The reason why people say that God is dead is that their own souls are dead. A corpse doesn’t feel anything when pinched or pierced. Those spiritually dead are dull in God and the spiritual world because their spirit is dead, as meant by the saying, “The wages of sin is death”. Romans 3:23 reads: “For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.” As it says, we are unable to know God or enter the Kingdom of Heaven. Also, :24 says, “And are justified freely by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus.” “Redemption” means  “the act of paying off.” Upon seeing an old man sold as a slave, a rich man paid for him instead and freed him, so that the old man could return again to his family. Like this, Jesus, the Son of God, came to the world in the flesh, taught us the way to heaven, and was finally crucified, shedding His blood copiously to pay for our sins. Now, only if a sinner repents and believes in Jesus, will he have eternal life and enter heaven. Why then should Jesus have died on the cross, bleeding copiously? The answer is in Hebrews 9:22, “In fact, the law requires that nearly everything be cleansed with blood, and without the shedding of blood there is no forgiveness.” God said, “For the life of a creature is in the blood, and I have given it to you to make atonement for yourselves on the altar; it is the blood that makes atonement for one’s life.” Leviticus 17: 11. No matter how much goodness you practice, your sins are not forgiven. Only by the Blood, can we become clean.
Why can only the Cross of Jesus give us salvation? Jesus was not born from a man, from Adam, but from God - the Holy Spirit. Thus, we can be redeemed only through our belief in Him. Romans 3:25 reads: “God presented him as a sacrifice of atonement, through faith in his blood. He did this to demonstrate his justice, because in his forbearance he had left the sins committed beforehand unpunished.”
If any one repents his sins and believes in Him, he will receive Atonement through the precious Blood and be able to enter heaven. We cannot have salvation through our cultivation, education or accomplishments, but only through our belief. Jesus died. But - He was resurrected on the third day and conquered death forever.  And anyone who believes in Him can join the Resurrection of Life. “God so much loved the world, that He sent His one and only Son, so that whoever believes in Him will not perish but have eternal life.” John 3:16.. 
3. Countries With Many Believers In Jesus are Blessed.
When you travel around the world, you may find that many prosperous countries have churches adorned with bells and crosses, while undeveloped or poor countries display many idols - people bow down before idols such as cattle. Without exception, communist countries have destroyed many aspects of materialism. They have burnt the Bible, God’s Words, as well as churches, the ark of salvation. How could they then expect God’s blessing? Psalm 14:1 says, “The fool says in his heart, ‘There is no God.’ They are corrupt, their deeds are vile; there is no one who does good.” The most foolish thing you can say is that God is nowhere and the universe is a natural phenomenon. 
Brothers, does your watch work by itself? No! It works because someone made it and put batteries in it. Job 26:7 reads: “He spreads out the northern skies over empty space he suspends the earth over nothing.” The earth rotates on its axis once a day and revolves around the sun in a year. It rotates every day but the waters on it are never hurled from it. Do you think this is a strange coincidence? It is because God the Creator made it that way and has been sustaining it ever since. 
4. Judgment and Eternal Hell Exist.
Hebrews 9:27 says, “Just as man is destined to die once, and after that to face judgment…” You and I also will die one day as we get older, if Jesus’ Second Coming is delayed. After judgment, heaven or hell will await us. 
Farmers work hard sowing seeds in the spring and growing them in the summer, just for the moment of reaping them in the fall. At the harvest time, the good fruit is saved, while the rotten fruit is burnt. God also will divide us by His righteousness. There will come the time when God judges people according to His righteousness. For example, Hitler threatened to rule the world, but was judged and destroyed in God’s time. Japan also desired to dominate the earth, but surrendered after being attacked with the atomic bomb. Communism, coupled with atheism, tried to control the world, and all except one of its proponents has disappeared within 70 years. God judged them. Matthew 12:36 says, “But I tell you that men will have to give account on the day of judgment for every careless word they have spoken.”
The saved will meet again on the day when they are rewarded for the actions of their lives, but the unsaved will perish and be cast into hell.
1)  Does Hell Exist?
Hell surely exists. You might wonder how our loving God could make such a dreadful place for people. God actually made hell not for people but for demons and the angels who turned against Him, to torture people.  Matthew 25:41 reads: “Then he will say to those on his left, ‘Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels.’” But people follow the lies of demons, ignoring the truthful Words of God, and are thus cast into eternal hell along with the demons.
A pastor was preaching about hell one day, when an intelligent woman asked him, “Pastor, why preach about hell in the 20 century? I dislike hearing such preaching.” “You are right, sister. But, does the government make prisons and apply the death penalty in order to torment the people?” asked the pastor. People neither like prisons nor the death penalty, but for the sake of law and order in the country, we have them. Don’t think of God as a Santa Claus smiling at you from the sky all day. He is truly the God of love, but also of righteousness and judgment. 
Voltaire (1694 - 1778), a French philosopher of the Enlightenment, and an atheist, insisted that he would destroy the established church in less than 50 years, and that not a single copy of the Bible would be in existence after 100 years. But, when he was at death’s door, he asked the doctor, “Help me to live just six months more, and I will give you half of my possessions.” “Sir, you don’t even have six weeks,” replied the doctor. Voltaire then yelled: “Then, I should take you with me because I’m heading for hell,” and died. After 20 years, the Swiss Bible Community bought his house and used it as a warehouse for Bibles, stacking them to the ceiling. Both The Bible and the Church which he once condemned to disappear forever still maintain their prosperity. 
Francisco Newton a famous atheist said upon death, “I’m condemned forever! Who can save me, for God is my enemy. Alas!, only the unendurable pain of hell awaits me.” Thomas Scott, an atheist said, upon facing death, “I thought there was no God and no hell, but now I realize there are both. Ah!, I shall perish according to the righteous judgment.” 
The Bible tells us about hell more than the atheists. And surprisingly, it tells us about hell more often than about heaven. Jesus also preached about hell more often than about heaven. Matthew 10:28 reads: “Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather, be afraid of the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell.”
The great Apostle Paul said, “…And give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when the Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with his powerful angels. He will punish those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our Lord Jesus.” 2 Thessalonians 1:7-9. The chief disciple Peter said, “Many will follow their shameful ways and bring the way of truth into disrepute. In their greed these teachers will exploit you with stories they have made up. Their condemnation has long been hanging over them, and their destruction has not been sleeping.” 2 Peter 2:4. The apostle John also said in Revelation 21:8, “But the cowardly, the unbelieving, the vile, the murderers, the sexually immoral, those who practice magic arts, the idolaters, and all liars – their place will be in the fiery lake of burning sulfur. This is the second death.”
2)  What Is Hell?
Hell is not a lie made up to scare people. It exists. 
Hell is everlasting fire, with no hope of exit or escape. It is endless torment, exacted upon any and every kind of person.
3)  There is Only One Way To Avoid Hell.
That one way is to believe in Jesus Christ, who died on the cross for our sins and resurrected, and to accept Him in our hearts. “Jesus answered, ‘I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.” John 14:6. There is no way except Him. Believers and nonbelievers can be thought of as fertilized and unfertilized eggs. An unfertilized egg can never become a chick because it does not contain the seed of life. What then is its secret in becoming fertilized? Romans 10:10 gives us the answer, “For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you confess and are saved.” As it says, believe in Jesus and make your decision to accept Him as your Savior, confessing aloud, “Lord, this sinner believes in you as my Savior. Please cleanse my sins with your blood. Thank you for forgiving this sinner. In Jesus’ name I pray. Amen.”
The proof of your salvation can then be seen in your regular church attendance and in your leading a life faithful to Christ.
   Hallelujah!








The Three Greatest Goals in Life
The Three Greatest Goals in Life
A university student in Seoul returned to his hometown in the country. Seeing his father tilling the soil with a plow, he asked if he could try. He plowed the furrows for a long time, and when he finally looked back upon the field, he saw that he had plowed in zigzags, like the markings of a snake. He asked his father, "Why did this happen?" 
"It’s because you didn’t begin aiming at a clear goal. When you plow fields, choose a single destination point far away, and drive the cow straight towards it until you get there," his father advised.
The son tried again, this time aiming at a black cow which was grazing in the field. But still the field was full of zigzagged lines. He questioned his father again." Dad, I followed your advice. But why did this happen again?’ "My son, what did you aim at?" his father asked. "Well, I was aiming at that cow  grazing over there," he answered.  
"What? A cow moving around? If you do that you can't avoid plowing in zigzags. The next time, choose a fixed point, like a rock," his father said.
What did the son do? On his next run, he aimed at a large immovable rock and plowed the field in straight furrows. Brothers, we should not live lives without goals, or choose goals which are not fixed or which can change.
In the same way that the young student tried to plow the fields using three different methods, we can find three different attitudes for living. One is to live an aimless, decadent life. A second is to live putting one’s faith in materialism – aims of this world. The third way to live is to aim for the eternal and unchanging Kingdom of God.        
Everyone obviously has his own aim in life, and they may all differ, but if we are to be called the saved children of God, we should all share the same obvious goal, with those redeemed.  
This message will present the three goals in life which God’s people should have.
1. Life for God’s Glory. 
"Whatever we eat or drink or whatever we do, do it all for the glory of God."
The main reason God created man was to receive glory through him. Therefore, if you are a Christian and know God, your first aim in life should be to glorify Him. If you are unsure whether or not to do something, ask yourself whether your work will serve to glorify God or to hide His glory instead. Then you will easily know what to do. While living in this world, we should seek to reveal God’s glory though our lives.
The day before yesterday, I saw a picture of one of our national soccer players, Lee Young-Moo, praying after having scored a goal. He had left the national team for a while, supposedly due to a minor injury sustained during the Merdeca Cup. The truth though, was that the team coach did not want him falling to his knees in prayer after every goal. Lee thought this would disturb his life of faith, and left the team instead.
After another coach, Han Heung-Kee asked him to return to the team, we could once again see Lee praying after each of his goals. I am so deeply moved by his faith: No matter what soccer meant to him personally, if he couldn’t glorify God in playing, then he would rather leave the field! 
You might remember that the entire nation was greatly concerned over the fate of a climbing party leaving for Mt. Everest, since frequent past attempts to conquer the mountain had ended in failure, some with climbers left on the mountain, buried under avalanches.
This party conquered Mt. Everest and returned without a single life lost. This was considered a miracle. I wondered what had brought this miracle about, until I learned that the expedition leader,  Kim Young-Tak, was a faithful Christian. Members of previous climbing parties had left for Mt. Everest after performing religious services which included bowing to the head of a pig placed upon an altar. In sharp contrast, Kim’s party held Christian worship services twice daily, led by pastors accompanying the team. Surprisingly, the pastors read the same Bible verses that the team had selected in advance: Psalm 121:1-8,"I lift up my eyes to the hills – where does my help come from? My help comes from the Lord, the Maker of heaven and earth. He will not let your foot slip – he who watches over you will not slumber; indeed, he who watches over Israel will neither slumber not sleep. The Lord watches over you – the Lord is your shade at your right hand; the sun will not harm you by day, nor the moon by night. The Lord will keep you from all harm – he will watch over your life; the Lord will watch over your coming and going both now and forevermore.”
Those expeditions which had left for Mt. Everest after performing religious services worshipping idols, with a pig’s head placed on an altar, sacrificed to the guardian spirit of a mountain, ended in failure, and sometimes even loss of life. This climbing party succeeded in conquering Mt. Everest and all of its members came back safely.
Moreover, despite the fact that it took most foreign climbing teams between 40 and 50 days to reach the summit, they arrived at the peak within 20 days. Faced with the crisis of exhausting oxygen supplies, they luckily discovered tanks discarded by a previous French team, and were thus able to continue climbing, and eventually conquer the mountain. In another incident, two members of the party were forced to spend the night near the summit, facing life threatening –30 to –40 degree temperatures, in absolute danger of freezing to death. Mr. Kim earnestly prayed to God to protect his team members, and let them survive the night. Around midnight, he left his tent, to discover the night air mild and spring-like. The day before, the hours before had been extremely cold, and the same weather was also predicted for the next day. Yet the two members returned to camp safely. All the members realized that God had protected them from danger. Even though the statistical data and weather forecast predicted heavy snowfalls, they never appeared, thus allowing the team to conquer Mt. Everest through a miracle. Mr. Kim later said, "I'd like to confess clearly that it was only through the help of God as revealed in Psalm 121 that Ko Sang-Don could reach the summit of Mt. Everest and that all of the expedition members could come back safely." He revealed the glory of God through his work - the conquest of Mt. Everest. 
The faithful's aim in life should not be to eat or to make money. It should not be to bear children and raise them well. No matter what your way of life is, your first aim should be to reveal the glory of God in your life. There is a proverb which states, "All for God will be all for men." The first aim in life should be for the glory of God. Only then will there also be profit for man, and he will lead a fruitful life forever. Our aim in life is to glorify God on high, our heavenly Creator.
2. Life Profitable To Man
The apostle Paul admonished in a letter to Corinthians, "Do not cause anyone to stumble, whether Jews, Greeks or the Church of God- even as I try to please everybody in every way. For I am not seeking my own good, but the good of many so that they may be saved.” I Corinthians 10:32-33. We should live our lives seeking profit for others, not ourselves. Our lives should not be spent seeking only our own profit - they should be spent giving profit to others.
There are three kinds of men in the world: Those who give neither profit nor cause damage to others; those who do only damage like spiders; and those who profit others in the manner of the bees. We should not do everything we can profit from. Even though our actions may be perfectly legal and just, we should first consider whether or not they will be profitable to others. We should not place primary importance in deciding this on either the law or our own profits.
In 1 Corinthians 10:23-24, it is said “ ‘Everything is permissible’ - but not everything is beneficial. ‘Everything is permissible’ – but not everything is constructive. Nobody should seek his own good, but the good of others." This means that we should not always do anything we can.
I once read a testimony written by Song Hee-Kyung, a president of the United Mission for Workshop in the Anyang Correctional Institution. He had been a master sergeant in the military police, and had led a life of lust, chasing after money, honor or women, as he wished. After his discharge from the service, he organized a gang and committed serious crime; What is worse, he ordered his men to kill a police captain by arson. Caught and captured, imprisoned in a cell, considered wicked, he was forced to eat and sleep while wearing two pairs of handcuffs. During those periods of solitary confinement he would remember his past and the church he had attended. He began to regret his crimes. One day while listening to an earnest young visiting evangelist preach the Gospel he felt the grace of God and began to repent for his sins. Reading from the Bible, that day he was born again, redeemed. After that, he began to preach the Gospel to the inmates in his cell and also led his wife to believe in Jesus through a ten-day long fasting prayer. He decided that if he were set free, he would devote his remaining years to glorifying Jesus and for the profit of many people. 
We should reflect thoroughly on our lives, asking whether we have sought only profit for others or for ourselves.
3. A Life Devoted to the Redemption of Souls.
Our passage reads, "But the good of many, so that they may be saved."  Whoever has been saved and promised eternal life should set his aim on somehow saving even one single soul. Our greatest aim should be telling people about Jesus and the good news, so that they, like us, can also have eternal life. For example, let's suppose there is a scientist who has invented a cure for cancer. If he didn’t want to reveal the effects of his cure, but keep them only for himself, how would anyone ever know whether the medicine were useful or not? By the same token, if we didn’t tell those people doomed to perish by the diseases of their sins – more serious than cancer - about Jesus and the good news, but rather kept Him only to ourselves, within our own hearts, then how could people know about Him? John 6:39 reads, "And this is the will of him who sent me, that I shall lose none of all that he has given me, but raise them up at the last day". What is God’s Will? That we lead people to believe in Jesus and to be saved.
Therefore, we should use any means and every chance to devote our time, material and even our life, if God asks us, to save even a single soul. Paul says, in Romans 1:14, “"I am obligated both to Greeks and non-Greeks, both to the wise and the foolish.” We were brought to light from darkness, to life from death, and to eternal life from eternal damnation; thus we should rapidly deliver this good news to the world, and save even a single soul: This should be the greatest aim of our lives. If our church can be said to have one unchanging motto, it is: “A Church Eager for the Salvation of Souls.” A church should always be full of zeal for the salvation of souls. For this reason, we chose our church motto for the year 1978 as “Even a Single Soul.” This means we should lead our lives without losing a single soul, but in the care of every soul as precious. In 1 Corinthians 9:16, Paul says, "Yet when I preach the gospel, I cannot boast, for I am compelled to preach. Woe to me if I do not preach the gospel!"
Whatever we eat and drink, or however we engage in business and making money, all of our work  should be aimed at preaching the Gospel of redemption and saving souls.
Brothers, what are you making so much money for? What would you spend it on, if you were a millionaire? We should live a life in accordance with God’s Will:
"A Life for the Glory of God"
"A Life for Giving Profit to Others"
A Life Devoted to the Salvation of Souls"
These are the three greatest goals of a believer’s life. If you make these three goals part of your life, your life can then have eternal value, without regret.
Amen








Why Suffering exists?
Why Suffering exists?
“Though he brings grief, he will show compassion,
so great is his unfailing love.
For he does not willingly bring affliction,
Or grief to the children of men.”
(Lamentations 3:32-33)
There are many people in the world who often complain, “If Our Loving God really exists, then why do we have adversity and suffering in our lives? Why does He only seem to watch? Why does He leave those Communists unbothered, for instance, so that they may terrify and torture us? Why do so many people lose their lives to severe floods? Why does He leave us with incurable disease?
Clearly, there is much adversity and suffering in the world. But because He does not like to see us afflicted with them, God never leaves us abandoned in them. In today’s Scripture, you find the phrase, “For he does not willingly bring affliction or grief to the children of men.” In other words, suffering and calamities exist because they benefit us. But how do they benefit us?
1. Seek and Believe God
While enjoying himself playing outside with his friends during the day, a child doesn’t think about his mother or father. But if he is suddenly faced with some danger, he’ll run inside shouting, “Mom!”
Man is destined to live serving his God, the Creator, Source and Giver of all blessings, but he seems to like living an incorrigible life instead, betraying and rebelling against God, with his own will. It is only when he suffers from some adversity that he finally seeks and calls out to God Almighty. Man lives depending upon himself until he is thrown into despair; only then does he seeks God and rely on Him. While the Israelites lived peacefully in Egypt, the people neither sought God nor cried out His name. Only when they suffered torment under Pharaoh did they seek God’s grace, crying out His name. When we are at peace in the world, and our desires are of the world, we don’t freely seek God and rely on Him. But, when we crash against the wall of despair, we surrender to Him, crying out, “Father, I stretch out my hands to Thee.”
Some people declare, “If You let me marry that woman, then I’ll believe in Jesus,” or, “If You let me deliver a boy, I’ll have sincere faith in God.” But even though these wishes are granted, we can hardly find the person who, as promised, becomes a good Christian, and expresses his sincere thanks while believing firmly in God.
Your dear husband or wife may be dying. Your sincere husband may be cheating. Your precious child may be dying from some disease. Such instances of severe suffering can be the opportunity for going forward to God; a business failure or an affliction from disease may push you to seek God - we encounter this often. People who are at peace and do not face any temptation certainly don’t think they have to believe in Jesus.
Therefore, even if you feel severe pain due to suffering and calamities, God is leading you – His child – to Himself, through this pain. Please believe firmly if you can immediately realize this, and turn towards God. This brings profit to you as well as God’s unlimited grace and blessing.
2. Yearn For heaven
John Calvin said, “The vast amount of suffering surrounding us gives us a mind which yearns for God.” Brothers, if you live peacefully and happily in this world, heaven or the existence of heaven will not interest you. But when you are afflicted with suffering and calamities in this world, you will yearn for the eternal Kingdom of God, where there is no grief, anxiety or affliction. While the Israelites lived comfortably in Egypt, they didn’t miss or desire to return to Canaan, the Promised Land. But when they were suffering unendurable pain and oppression, the desire for Canaan grew in their minds. 
Brothers! Believe that God drives us from grief, disease and even death in this world, towards eternal heaven, where there are no tears, there is no second death, there is no grief and no pain.
So, any suffering and calamities we experience in the world can benefit us. There is suffering in this world but – the world will disappear like the morning fog – if we can realize God’s will. Although we suffer in this world, God wishes us exempt from the punishment of endless hellfire and offers us instead an eternity of sweet rest in heaven.
So, even if we meet with adversity during our short lives of less than 100 years, this will be much more beneficial to us in having eternal happiness in heaven.
3. That We May Obey Almighty God
Many cases of suffering and calamities are caused by our living incorrigible lives, through our own will, and committing sins without obedience to God. We can see many people who disobey God, and live incorrigible lives by their own will and only recognize and repent their sins after having suffered greatly. In Psalm 119:67, the author confesses, “Before I was afflicted I went astray, but now I obey your word,” and in 119:71 declares, “It was good for me to be afflicted so that I might learn your decrees.”
Therefore, whenever we suffer any disease or adversity, it is not a punishment for God’s dislike of us, but it is a “beating” with God’s love to make us live in accordance with His will.
King David was faced with great adversity and suffering in his youth, but committed no sins. Later, when his life was blessed with peace, he one day arose from an afternoon sleep, and walked out onto his roof. From his roof he saw a woman bathing; he committed the sin of sleeping with her. She bore him a son, who one day became seriously ill. David repented for his sins, and prayed to God, pleading for His mercy, while wearing sackcloth, and fasting for one week. However, the child died. Upon learning of his son’s death, he calmly had a meal, and turned his attention to national affairs, without showing his grief. His act filled his attendants with astonishment and wonder. David thought of himself as a sinner deservant of punishment. He did not resent God or blame anyone for his suffering.
Brothers! In Hebrews 12:6, it is said, “Because the Lord disciplines those he loves, and he punishes everyone he accepts as a son.” 12:8 reads, “If you are not disciplined (and everyone undergoes discipline), then you are illegitimate children and not true sons.” And 12:11 says, “No discipline seems pleasant at the time, but painful. Later on, however, it produces a harvest of righteousness and peace for those who have been trained by it.”
Therefore, believe the above will be good for us, and receive God’s grace and blessing. If we obey God through calamities, suffering and failure, we can learn the way of life in accordance with His revealed will.
4. That We May Have Endurance and Power.
I recently read an article in an American magazine about a five-thousand year old tree. How can it live for such a long time? The ground where it stands is not fertile. It stands high on a windy hill, and the soil is rocky. Despite these negative factors, the tree stretches its roots deeply into the ground, and has survived for over five thousand years, while the other trees around it have withered and died.
Likewise, God’s love doesn’t just take care of us like flowers in a greenhouse. Such flowers are likely to wither and die when basked in strong sunshine or touched by cold weather. The Lord does not want people who are like greenhouse flowers.  He wants us to be believers, with faith strong enough to help us endure and overcome any calamity, ordeal or adversity. To make us such believers, even though He does not really want it, God Himself allows us to suffer from ordeals and adversity.
In some places in Africa, if you want to cross a raging river, you must carry a large stone on your back. Without this weight you are likely to be swept away; those who really want to cross the river will bear the weight of the large stone.
In the same manner, when our spirit remains in peace, we do not pray, we dislike going to church, and we become lazy in our life of faith. Once we face a terrific storm and enormous waves, we sincerely cry out for God, our belief grows and our spirit reaches maturity. Remember, the Lord grants us the endurance and strength to overcome anything surrounding us, by letting us believe in and pray towards Himself through ordeal and despair.
When the Israelites, led by Moses, reached the Desert of Paran, the Lord had Moses choose 12 people to explore the land of Canaan. After returning from exploring the land, they reported to the Israelites. Ten reports were negative, anxious; they said, “The people who live there are powerful, and the cities are fortified. We are like grasshoppers in the eyes of very large people.” Numbers 13:28-33. Only Joshua and Caleb made positive and encouraging reports, saying, “They are food we can swallow up. Don’t be afraid of them, but strike then instead.”
Why did they refer to them as food? If it is easily digested, good food can be a source of energy and health. Yet some calamities and trials can be like food, too; if we accept them and digest them, we can get power!
Brothers! There has never been a servant of God who has not experienced such adversity that it drove him to despair and discouragement.
I’m not yet a pastor of great renown, but I preach the Gospel, lead revival meetings and serve to bring non-believers to Salvation in God. I can tell you with confidence – because I have suffered much adversity and despair for my age - that these things are possible. If I had grown in ease and comfort, without suffering, I wouldn’t be qualified to speak to you like this.
When calamities and adversity confront you, don’t complain foolishly. Don’t be discouraged. Instead, pray to God thankfully, asking, “My Lord, how much will you bless me after this calamity. Thank you for it.”
When facing a trial, the weak in faith don’t endure it, but abandon their faith, saying, “I wanted to believe firmly in God. Why should I be tried this way?” If you believe in Jesus, you will experience more trials and disease than before. They will make you sincerely thankful for God’s grace once you have stood their test, and been blessed.
From here on, I’d like to tell you about several ways to overcome adversity and trials.
1)  Repent and Turn From Your Wicked Ways
2 Chronicles 7:14, reads, “If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven and I will forgive their sin and will heal their land.” If you repent, seek and pray to God with humbleness while you are undergoing adversity or trial, the Lord will rid you of them and heal you.
2)  Bear Your Cross Voluntarily
It is troublesome to have to take care of other people’s babies. However, when you hold your own baby in your arms, you don’t feel any pain, but instead enjoy playing with him. In any case, when you find yourself suffering from adversity, bear your cross willingly and voluntarily with faith. And then the Lord will let you escape your adversity and suffering. If you are destined to suffer, then experience such suffering and adversity with faith, to bring you God’s blessing.
Even though Moses could have been King of Egypt, as the son of a princess, he gave up everything and suffered with his people. It seemed stupid. But we can read in the Bible that he was blessed and awarded his heavenly portion. I’d like to ask you in Jesus’ name to experience this fact: For the adversity which you overcome with faith, God rewards you with blessings and also protects you from further adversity.
3)  Keep Good Faith and Prepare Your Life of Prayer
At the moment you face adversity and trials, do not cry out, “Oh God! Please save me,” but instead, keep good faith and prepare your life of prayer before the moment of your trial. We should pray for ourselves, our home, our church and for our country, with a straight mind. If we live a self-centered life, without prayer, we ourselves, but also our home and country can suffer from indescribable adversity. Do not forget this.
In the Bible, God commanded Noah to make an Ark for the Flood. This Ark had three decks. Do you know why?
With the floodwaters surging, from the bottom deck were seen only the wild waves outside. From the middle deck there was seen a vast expanse of muddy water. The clear sky was not seen until the third deck. The clear sky reminded Noah and his people of God’s promise and called them to pray to God.
What does the bottom deck mean in spiritual terms? It means the desires and eyes of the flesh; facing the flood of adversity with the desires and eyes of the flesh, we can only drop into despair. The second deck is our soul (human mind), and its meaning is not different from that of the first case. You can only see the entire expanse with eyes of faith and hope – from the third deck. Even if our national affairs are in confusion and the household economy is in a miserable condition, we can still live with hope and joy. Therefore, in meeting the flood of adversity and calamity, do not see it with the eyes of the flesh. Do not try to solve it with your own knowledge or wisdom. I’d like to bless you in Jesus’ name, that you may overcome with spiritual eyes – that is, by believing in God and praying and living a successful life.
4)  Cast Your Life on God Entirely
In 1 Peter 5:7, we read, “Cast all your anxiety on him, because he cares for you.” When you suffered from burdens like care, anxiety, discomfort and adversity – you did so alone. But that was the past. From now on entrust your life to Him entirely. Come toward the Cross and cast your burdens of sin on Him and He will take care of and take responsibility for them. Hallelujah!
5)  Give Up Your Self-Centered Life
If you live a self-centered life, you may feel anxious and pained. However, if you try to do good for other people, you will feel happy. A self-centered person does not give comfort to himself or other people – husband, wife, children, or church fellows.
When you prefer sowing seeds of self-sacrifice to doing deeds for admiration or glory, you will be happy and your life will be more brilliant. Do not live a self-centered life! Have a holy mind and try to help other people, and live to glorify God.
Jesus clearly tells us in Matthew 6:33, “But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.” Remember, true comfort without adversity is given to those who give up a self-centered life, embrace a God-centered life, do good for other people and live solemnly for God’s glory.
In 1 Corinthians 10:31 we are told, “So, whether you eat or drink or whatever you do, do it all for the glory of God.”
I’d like to pray in Jesus’ name – may you be blessed in your life by remembering and complying with these words.
Amen. 









Repentance and Blessing
Repentance and Blessing
“Then I acknowledged my sin to you
And did not cover up my iniquity.
I said, “I will confess
My transgressions to the Lord” –
And you forgave
The guilt of my sin.” 
(Psalm 32:5)
“The sacrifices of God are a broken
Spirit;
A broken and contrite heart,
O God, you will not despise.” 
(Psalm 51:17)
Do you know the first thing that Jesus said when He preached the Gospel? It was, “Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near”.
The first thing John the Baptist also shouted out was, “Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near”. This proves how important repentance is. 
Today, some religious denominations and people say that repentance is not needed. However, since the first thing Jesus said was that people should repent, we must realize how significant repentance is. 
When one repents and believes in Jesus Christ, he receives eternal life and can enter heaven. Catastrophes are averted, all is well with the repentant’s soul and spirit and he receives sturdy blessings. 
In the early ages, the great saints were those who went through the deep and meticulous process of repentance.   You should never forget the fact that they lived daily lives of repentance. 
One who realizes his sins but refuses to repent cannot be saved by God or effected by the blood of the Cross.  Those who don’t repent are foolish; the more one tries to live a sincere and holy life, the more one will repent thoroughly. Therefore, among the Beatitudes (Matthew 5:4), is written, “ Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.” 
Isaiah, the author of the “Book of Isaiah”, a “Gospel” of the Old Testament, acknowledged his sins when he was summoned and saw God. He said, lamenting, “ ‘Woe to me,’ ” I cried. ‘I am ruined! For I am a man of unclean lips, and I live among a people of unclean lips, and my eyes have seen the King, the Lord Almighty. Then one of the seraphs flew to me with a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with tongs from the altar.’ ” Isaiah 6: 5-6. He then repented, and after being cleansed, became a prophet who witnessed to God’s Words powerfully.
Unless we repent, we will never help others repent. The words of one who repents deeply are like a double-edged sword in that they can penetrate even to dividing soul and spirit. 
St. Augustine was so debauched that he sired a bastard at the early age of 14. But he came close to God’s Words and deeply repented, so that whenever desires of sin occurred in his mind, he would, while repenting his sins, bite his arms strongly.
Martin Luther once acknowledged and repented his sins so thoroughly that he fainted. Psalm 51:17 reads: “The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; a broken and contrite heart O God, you will not despise.” 
I hope you believe God is pleased with one who acknowledges and repents his sins thoroughly with his broken heart. 
Jesus once told a story about two persons praying in the temple. When they went in, the Pharisee prayed, looking up to heaven with upraised hands while crying “ ‘God, I thank you that I am not like other men – robbers, evildoers, adulterers – or even like the tax collector. I fast twice a week and give a tenth of all I get.’ ” Luke 18:11-12. But the other, the tax collector, hardly entered the temple, and repented in sorrow, beating his chest with sunken head, lamenting, “ ‘God have mercy on me, a sinner.’ ” Luke 18:13. Jesus said the tax collector’s prayer was received by God. God didn’t listen to the prayers of the Pharisee, who did not know either his own humbleness or sins, but could only boast about himself. God is pleased with one who repents. 
Brothers! One who has never experienced his deep repentance cannot bear the fruits of repentance. So, he easily turns from his faith when he is in a bad mood, and he stops coming to God when he becomes rich, although he was always with God when he was poor. This is because he hasn’t gone through the process of thorough repentance.  
I hope you believe that you can have the confidence of your salvation, once you have had a true experience of repentance while shedding burning tears. One, who doesn’t go through the process of repentance, will forever remain chaff – and will never become pure wheat!
Christ is like a surgeon for souls. If one has pus deep within his body he must press it out, no matter how painful the surgery. In the same manner, if our souls decay and turn rotten through the pus of our evil sins, we must cleanse them and repent without any shyness. Then, true peace will come to us. No matter what kinds of sins cause your suffering, God will accept you, heal you of them and save you from them.
Jesus said, “Come to me, all who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.” Matthew 11:28. For, “It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick…For I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners.” Matthew 9:12-13.
Brothers! The kingdom of God is not for those who have no sin but for everyone who repents. So, Hell is not for those who have sinned but for people who don’t repent their sins. 
Yet, there is no one in the world who is sinless. Jesus said, “There is no one righteous, not even one.” Romans 3:10. I hope you believe that whoever repents and believes in the Blood of Jesus with his mind can enter heaven. Maybe there is someone among you who confesses, “It’s too late for me to turn back to God. I’m a sinner who can never stand before God. I have a secret anguish and sin which I cannot confess.” However, believe that God forgives all, accepts and saves only those who repent and come back to Him, no matter how evil their sins.
So, Isaiah 1:18 reads: “Come now, let us reason together,” says the Lord. “Though your sins are like scarlet, they shall be white as snow; though they are red as crimson, they shall be like wool.”
If you repent, you will have the Grace and blessing of God. 
1)  Blessings of Eternal Life.
No matter how evil your sins, if you acknowledge that you are a sinner, repent your sins and confess that Jesus is the Son of God, who died on the Cross to redeem you for your sins, then you will have eternal life. 
John 3:16 is a well known verse: “For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.”
It’s known that at Jesus’ crucifixion, the robber, who, before he died, repented and believed that Jesus was the Son of God, was saved.
2)  Blessings of Communication With God for Those Who Repent.
The most truthfully blessed is the one who has no wall of sin between God and himself. 
Isaiah 52:1-2 reads: “Awake, awake, O Zion, clothe yourself with strength. Put on your garments of splendor, O Jerusalem, the holy city. The uncircumcised and defiled will not enter you again. Shake off your dust; rise up, sit enthroned, O Jerusalem. Free yourself from the chains on your neck, O captive Daughter of Zion.”
Also, Psalm 66:18 says, “If I had cherished sin in my heart, the Lord would not have listened.”
If you don’t repent when you need to, your crying out “ Father! Father!” is useless.
Please remember that even a billionaire is the poorest person alive if he can’t have a proper relationship with God.
3) Blessings of the Grace of Restoration
Remember, one who doesn’t repent lives his life blocked and punished by God. He might be punished through disease, or materially or sometimes through his offspring. Therefore, to be restored, you must repent.  I hope you believe that if you repent curses will be turned to blessings, diseases to restoration of health and failures to successes.
2 Chronicles 7:14 reads: “If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land.” And Joel 2:12 and continuing verses read: “Even now,” declares the Lord, “return to me with all your heart, with fasting and weeping and mourning.”  “Who knows? He may turn and have pity and leave behind a blessing – grain offerings and drink offerings for the Lord your God.” 2:14. Not all your failures are caused by the price of your sins, but God restores you when you repent the sins for which He once punished you. 3 John 2 reads: “I pray that you may enjoy good health and all may go well with you, even as your soul is getting along well.” When your soul is well through your repentance, everything in your life will be well with the fullness of God’s blessings. Then, what is true repentance?
i) Realize Your Sins and Grieve Over Them.
If you have sinned, you should be sad because of your sins, have a guilty conscience and grieve over them. If you have sinned, but don’t have a guilty conscience, and don’t grieve over your sins, but instead try to hide them, you will never live in the fullness of God’s grace.
If you have sinned, you should grieve over your sins, regret and hate them and feel a deep sense of sadness over them. You should offer repentant prayer before God.
ii) Turn From Your Sins
Isaiah 55:7 reads: “Let the wicked forsake his way and the evil man his thoughts. Let him turn to the Lord, and he will have mercy on him, and to our God, for he will freely pardon.” The most important acts of your true repentance are first, to stop sinning and then to turn away from the path of sin. If you keep committing the same lascivious sin over and over, you must turn from your sinful path and never commit the same sin any more. True repentance is to stop sinning and to turn from sin. Just as the prodigal son turned back to his father, we should turn back to God. 
iii) Confess
1 John 1:9 reads: “If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.” When you repent your sins concretely and confess them to God, your true repentance is accomplished. Confession means that I acknowledge my sins to God and agree on His Will.
Psalm 32:5 says, “Then I acknowledged my sin to you and did not cover up my iniquity. I said, ‘I will confess my transgressions to the Lord’ – and you forgave the guilt of my sin.” Some people repent praying, “ God, if I have sins, please forgive all of them”. This is not a concrete and thorough repentance. 
We should repent each of our sins thoroughly with our true hearts. One who says that he has no sin has no truth abiding in his heart. Do you still feel guilty though you repented alone? Then, I recommend you see a servant of God and confess and pray for your problems with him or her. 
iv) Offer Compensation
John the Baptist said that we should bear fruits suitable for repentance. True repentance is to bear fruits for repentance. Luke 19 tells us about how Zacchaeus invited Jesus and repented before him saying, “If I have cheated anyone out of anything, I will pay back four times the amount.” True repentance needs our action. 
When we confess our sins before God and offer compensation to other people for the damage we have caused, then true repentance is accomplished. 
Brothers! We should repent with our true hearts. But, there are things for which we cannot compensate others.  For example, adultery - the seventh sin. I myself can be forgiven my sins through my repentance, but I can never compensate others for damage caused them by my leading them to commit sin. If we don’t stop or repent such sins thoroughly, we might commit the same sins repeatedly. 
Therefore, we should repent thoroughly before God the sins for which we cannot compensate others, and never commit them again. 
Avoid hidden desires and thoughts, for these are also sins. God blesses those who strive to avoid. We should repent with our true hearts. God forgives us any sin when we repent truthfully.  When you grieve over your sins and repent them before God thoroughly even once, your relation with God becomes firmly set. We can hide nothing before God. God is aware of each of our sins and watches us with His burning gaze. God is waiting for us to realize our faults, repent the sins which arise from them and turn back to Him. 
Beloved brothers! Repent your sins and turn back to God NOW and He will be pleased with you. I pray that you believe that God forgives your sins and blesses you when you acknowledge your sins and repent them before Him.
    -Amen-  








The Seven Wonders of The Heavenly Kingdom
The Seven Wonders of The Heavenly Kingdom
 “Then I saw a new heaven and a new earth, for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away, and there was no longer any sea. I saw a Holy City, the new Jerusalem, coming down out of the heaven from God, prepared as a bride beautifully dressed for her husband. And I heard a loud voice from the throne saying, “Now the dwelling of God is with men, and he will live with them. They will be his people, and God himself will be with them and be their God. He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away.”
(Revelation 21:1-4.)
“The angel showed me the river of the water of life, as clear as crystal, flowing from the throne of God and of the Lamb down the middle of the great street of the city. On each side of the river stood the tree of life, bearing twelve crops of fruit, yielding its fruit every month. And the leaves of the tree are for the healing of nations. No longer will there be any curse. The throne of God and of the Lamb will be in the city, and his servants will serve him. They will see his face, and his name will be on their foreheads. There will be no more night. They will not need the light of a lamp or the light of the sun, for the Lord God will give them light. And they will reign for ever and ever.”
(Revelation 22:1-5)
Last week I told you about the Seven Miseries of Hell. Today I'd like to talk to you about the Seven Wonders of the Heavenly Kingdom, so that you may receive God’s Grace. Even though you might live in a good house or a beautiful place in this world, this world is not the place where you live an eternal life. Heaven's house, in which we can reside eternally, is prepared for those who belong to Jesus Christ.
Many people want to know something about Heaven, but we can't know completely about the future house which we will enter to inhabit eternally. It is God's will that we can't know completely.
If we completely knew anything about Heaven, we would only yearn for returning there - to our native home, as quickly as possible, and would regard this world as absolutely useless.
One of reasons that we yearn for Heaven is because our loved ones are already there.
Brothers! You didn't know where countries like Kuwait or Bahrain were or even their names. You didn't have any interest in them either.
But you came to have much interest in them once your beloved husband or friendly church fellow went there.  The reason why you promptly read newspaper articles on these countries is also because your loved ones are in them.
If our loved ones are in Heaven, we will yearn for it all the more. Further, if you long for Jesus Christ, you will look forward to the time when you may gaze directly upon His face. 
A young girl was passing by a public cemetery, when a man nearby asked her, "Aren't you afraid of passing by this place?" “No,” she answered, "my house is just over there."
In the same manner, the reason why we aren't afraid of death is because it simply something we pass by on the way home.
Today I want to tell you about the Seven Wonders of the Heavenly Kingdom, which we yearn for. 
1. The Heavenly Kingdom Exists.
The First Wonder is the fact that the Heavenly Kingdom really exists. If 100 years ago, someone had said that the Seoul skyline would one day be full of tall buildings, no-one would have believed it, asking instead, “How can such a place exist?”
Likewise, if someone were to describe the Heavenly Kingdom as surpassing even the most beautiful place on earth, no one would believe it, asking instead, "How can such a place exist?"
However, the Heavenly Kingdom does exist, even though we can’t describe it with any of the languages of this world.
Jesus said, "In my Father’s house are many rooms; if it were not so I would have told you. I am going there to prepare a place for you.” John 14:2. Paul says, in Acts 17:24, “The God who made the world and everything in it is the Lord of heaven and earth and does not live in temples built by hands."
The reason why all the Apostles yearned to go to Heaven so much was that Jesus spoke so much about it. 
The Apostle John was blessed with God's Grace, and received a vision of Heaven while in Patmos. God had John record this vision of heaven in Revelation.
We can see both the end of the world and eternal life reflected in nature. In Autumn, a chrysalis wraps itself inside of a cocoon, and cannot be seen. But, in Spring, we can watch a beautiful butterfly emerge from the cocoon and fly away.
Even though a tree withers gauntly and seems to die in Winter, we can see it burst forth in green again, alive, in Spring. 
Among human instincts, there is the instinct to long for the end of the world and eternity. Indians fill water in a pot at the moment of death, and then die. Ancient Egyptians arranged many objects inside their pyramids, thinking that they would be useful in the world after death. Because males and females exist in the world, human beings have an instinctual desire for the opposite sex. The desire to eat occurs, because something to eat exists somewhere.
Both the civilized and the uncivilized share the instinctual yearning for the end of the world and eternity. It is because there is an eternal place prepared for us.
The Heavenly Kingdom is the most beautiful place which exists, beyond comparison with this world. God loves beauty. 
Brothers! Look at the grass, the trees, the streams, and mountains. Look at the lakes and oceans. Look at the sun, moon, and stars. You can know how much God loves beauty.  
If even this world is so beautiful, how much more beautiful is our perfect eternal Heaven?!
Looking at the beautiful stars in the night sky a young girl wonders, "How beautiful this world is! When this is true, how much more beautiful is Heaven!"
I have listened to the interviews and read the reports and articles written by people who have undergone near death experiences, only to revive to report on the beauty of Heaven and the misery of Hell. 
I have listened to testimonies of those who experienced entering Heaven and meeting Jesus Christ and angels and whose bodies were like those of the dead at that time, while they were actually sitting in church, praying fervently during a revival worship service. I have seen all of the people who came out of unconscious state shed tears. When I asked them why they shed tears, they answered, “Because we want to live in that better and more beautiful place eternally - we don't want to come back to this world again. However, it is not yet the right time to live there and we have to return to this world. That’s why we grieve.
The waiting place we call Paradise is also very beautiful, although not as beautiful as Heavenly Kingdom itself. We are also surprised by the fact that so many things are absent in the Heavenly Kingdom.
There is no grief in Heaven. In Job 5:7 we read, "...man is born to trouble..." Isaiah also spoke about, “a man of sorrows and familiar with suffering.” (Isaiah 53:3).
Yesterday I visited a woman whose husband had died several months ago. She couldn’t control her tears while she was talking with me. There is no darkness due to suffering or pain in the the Heavenly Kingdom.
There is no sin in the Heavenly Kingdom. There is nothing to divide our spirits or homes; there is no temptation. There is no death. Even though the demons of death knock at the door in this world everyday, the final enemy of man, death, was and is conquered in the Heavenly Kingdom.      
There is no night in the Heavenly Kingdom. There is no time of darkness, there is no time of suffering, and there is no time of wickedness in the Heavenly Kingdom.   
There is no dreaded sea in the Heavenly Kingdom. Even if many people drop into the deep, tomb-like sea  in the world, there is no sea to fear in the Heavenly Kingdom.
There are no tears. The Heavenly Kingdom is a place where God washes away and removes all tears forever. How can such a wonderful place exist?!
2. Heaven's People United in God's Glory 
There are many fair things in the world. However, there are also many unfair things. Some people are rich and other people are poor. Some people are happy and other people are sad. Some people are sick and other people are healthy. Some people meet success and other people meet failure. This is what we mean when we say that there are many unfair things in this world. But in the Heavenly Kingdom all people are equal.
When the Methodist Church Revival Movement in England took place, the Church of England persecuted those who devoted themselves to the Movement, for their difference in faith.             
While George Whitefield was riding on a horse-cart, a woman next to him asked, "Are you George Whitefield, sworn against the Church of England?" After listening to his answer, she said, "Stop! I want to get off."
He responded, "May I ask you something? If I fortunately find myself in Heaven, will you run from that place because of me?" Upon hearing that she stopped her criticism, after apologizing with the words, "Sorry. I hadn’t thought about it. Please forgive me." Of course, she travelled with him after that.
There are no wise or foolish people in the Heavenly Kingdom. All people are equal in the Heavenly Kingdom. Heaven's people are busy without being lazy.
In Revelation 7:15 we read, "Therefore, they are before the throne of God and serve Him day and night in His temple; and He Who sits on the throne will spread His tent over them.”
Although all of the people in the Heavenly Kingdom work throughout the day, their work does not tire them, but relaxes and rests them instead.
Once there was a huge forest fire in the land that was to become America. Running to avoid the fire, the Indians found a river and jumped into it. Their own lives being saved, they called the field across the river "Alabama", which means "rest here". However, it didn't become the Land of Rest forever, because they faced a surprise attack from a neighboring tribe.
There is no true “Alabama” anywhere in the world. Only when we go to the Heavenly Kingdom, can we enjoy complete rest. In Mathew 11:28, Jesus said, “Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.”
As Jesus told the exhausted and tired, you can live with God eternally and enjoy complete rest only there.
3. There Is Much Concern For The World In The Heavenly Kingdom.
There has been much concern for the world since the King of Kings, Jesus, came here to die. Jesus Christ brought the Light to the darkness in the world and brought the news of Salvation to sinners in the world.
Luke 15:7 states: “I tell you that in the same way there will be more rejoicing in heaven over one sinner who repents than over 99 righteous persons who do not need to repent.” Right! In the Heavenly Kingdom there is tremendous joy that spirits in the world have been saved.
The Heavenly Kingdom is already overwhelmed with joy, but there will be more rejoicing over spirits who are saved by listening to the Word of God.  
4. We Can Enter The Heavenly Kingdom
The fact that we can enter the Heavenly Kingdom is wonderful and amazing. Even though the Heavenly Kingdom is a beautiful and wonderful place, it is meaningless to us if we cannot enter. But I can enter the Heavenly Kingdom and you can, too.
God wants us to know something about the Heavenly Kingdom here, as well as enjoy ourselves there later.
In the world there are many restricted areas that we cannot enter. Not everyone can go into the Blue House and meet the president. Not everyone can meet the American president, Mr. Bush. Not everyone can enter a Minister’s office. But, opening the gates of the Heavenly Kingdom widely, the Lord Jesus Christ says, “Come in. There is no one to keep all of you who were saved by believing in the Cross out.”
In the Heavenly Kingdom, there is joy in meeting your loved ones. Even if in the world you almost collapse from the severe grief of losing a spouse or child, you will meet them again in the Heavenly Kingdom.
5. Preconditions For Entering the Heavenly Kingdom
If a person could own Heaven he would prohibit everyone except for his relatives and friends from entering by building a high, impassable wall.
But, the Bible tells us, “Knock and the door will be opened to you.” Matthew 7: 7- 8.
Whoever believes in the Second Coming of Jesus Christ and longs for it will go to the Heavenly Kingdom.
As a precondition for going there, someone in the world might say, “Live a good life. Pay off your debts. Give money or help to the poor. Live a moral life.”
However, God says, “The only way to enter the Heavenly Kingdom is to repent your sins and believe in my Son, Jesus Christ. Except for that, there is no other way there.
When Nicodemus said, “my Lord, I want to go to the Heavenly Kingdom,” Jesus replied, “You must be born again. Whoever believes in me will have eternal life.” Whoever believes in Jesus Christ and receives Him as Savior has already received eternal life and gained entry into the Heavenly Kingdom.
In a vision, the Apostle John saw a great multitude in the Heavenly Kingdom. In Revelation 7:14, an elder said, “These are they who have come out of the great tribulation. They have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the lamb.”
Only people who have been washed in the Blood of Jesus Christ can go to the Heavenly Kingdom. Just as you cannot stay at a hotel without making a reservation, you must “make a reservation” for the Heavenly Kingdom in advance, to go there.
If you haven’t yet made your reservation for the Heavenly Kingdom, do it right now: Believe in Jesus Christ and embrace Him as your Savior.
6. The Heavenly Kingdom Is Forever the Same.
Satan is busy destroying what is God’s – the churches and the works that God has made. But Satan can never destroy the Heavenly Kingdom. Satan destroyed Eden and made it into a wasteland filled with sin and evil.
Further, when Jesus Christ came to the world, Satan tried to kill Him. Now Satan is trying to attack faithful believers and remove the happiness from couples who love each other.
For the churches in which many believers congregate in harmony, Satan is trying to destroy them by splitting their members and spreading libel and slander among them.
Even though Satan can never enter the Heavenly Kingdom or destroy it, he once stood trial there. Because Satan and his followers tried to fight against Him, God forced them out of the Heavenly Kingdom.
The flow of time cannot destroy the Kingdom of God. In Hebrews (13:14) we read: “…here we do not have an enduring city…” Right! Some day the time will come when cities like Seoul, Pusan, Pyeong-Yang, New York, and Washington will vanish from the world and our memories.
But the New Jerusalem, the Holy City will never disappear. The Falls at Niagara have eroded gradually. Likewise the time will come when everything and everyone in the world disappears. But the Heavenly Kingdom will never disappear or be replaced by anything else.
In time, riches, honor, authority, fame, youth, and beauty all fade and disappear, but the Heavenly Kingdom never changes and exists eternally.
Once it was said that Rome was an eternal city. But the beautiful and prosperous old city changed and there now remain just the ruins of ancient Rome. But in the Heavenly Kingdom there are no changes or regrets.
7. Many People Don’t Prepare For Entering the Heavenly Kingdom.
The fact that many people don’t prepare for entering the heavenly Kingdom is shocking. The Heavenly Kingdom is a wonderful place and gives us complete satisfaction, as I have already said. But why don’t people prepare to go to the Heavenly Kingdom? It is because they devote themselves just to this world? They forget the fact that they are destined to die and go before the Judgment Seat of God.
One day a ship drifted away in a great storm and washed up on a desert island, wrecked. Everyone on board was saved, but now had to live on the island, with little or no hope of escape. Fortunately they had enough food for several months and some seeds which the ship had been transporting.. Also the island was fertile enough to grow a lot of plants. They determined to sow seeds and began to plow the soil. While plowing the field to sow seeds, they found yellow gold in it. At the moment they forgot about sowing the seeds and became absorbed in digging gold.
The island plant stock gradually diminished, and soon the people had no more food to eat. When they realized their state, they tried to plow the soil and sow seeds. But it was too late. They were dying amongst their nuggets of gold.
Many people live such a life in the world. As if they were going to live here eternally, they devote themselves to accumulating property and possessions, and prepare nothing for going to the Heavenly Kingdom.
Near death, William Bake said, “Now I’m going to the Kingdom of God. I have always longed for it.” George Washington said, “Ladies and gentlemen, I’m dying. I appreciate I’m not afraid of my death.”
A faithful woman died, saying “Mother, I can see many angels over there. They’re beckoning me to come. Good bye.”
Jesus is the mediator between the world and the Heavenly Kingdom. This is wonderful! If Christ didn’t exist, there would be no Heavenly Kingdom, and we would be destined to go to Hell forever. What we are looking forward to seeing in the Heavenly Kingdom are not the streets paved in gold, or the pearly gates, but Jesus Christ, our Lord.
A young boy dying says to his father, “Dad, there’s a beautiful house. Mom and Dad, can you see it? I can see beautiful flowers and a lot of people in white robes.” His parents reply, “My son, what you’re seeing is the Heavenly Kingdom which Jesus Christ prepared for you and for us. But we can’t go with you now – we will come later. Jesus will lead us to you then.” The boys dies, saying “Dad, Jesus is standing right over there. He’s holding out his arms to me, and smiling. Please push me towards Him, so that He can hug me in His arms.”
Oh! The Heavenly Kingdom is beyond any and all desires and dreams we can imagine. There are hundreds of Wonders about the Heavenly Kingdom, not just Seven!
Brothers! Yet keep in mind these Seven Wonders about the Heavenly Kingdom which I have spoken about today. Believe in the existence of the Heavenly Kingdom, which is full of eternal happiness and blessing, and make your reservation for the Heavenly Kingdom right now!
Amen.









The Mysteries of Jesus
The Mysteries of Jesus
 “For to us a child is born, to us a son is given, and the government will be on his shoulders. And he will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace. Of the increase of his government and peace there will be no end. He will reign on David’s throne and over his kingdom, establishing and upholding it with justice and righteousness from that time on and forever.”
(Isaiah 9: 6-7)
China’s ancient history records that emissaries and scholars were sent to the West to find, “the great saint prophesized to be there.” The records also explain the situation at that time:
On April 8th of the 24th year of the “Joo” Nation’s “Chaowa” - , a brightly twinkling star appeared in the southwest sky. The king of Joo was surprised by the illumination and asked his scholars, who had the ability to prophesy things, about it. They showed the king a book and, while explaining its contents, said that the mysterious sign meant that a great saint would appear in the west and that His religion would come to the Joo nation. The king was elated after he discovered that the time of the book’s prophesy coincided with the period of his nation. To gain even more information about the record, he sent the court emissaries Cha-yoo and Chin-king, and the scholar Wangjoon and 15 others to the West. These learned men left to welcome the promised Savior, since they knew the date and place of the His birth. On their way, they met a team of Buddhist monks from India who were spreading Buddhism. The Chinese scholars mistook them for the disciples of Christ, accepted their teachings and introduced what they learned to the Chinese people. For this reason, Buddhism instead of Christianity came to China. Can you imagine how tragic this mistake was?

Since the birth of Jesus, God the Creator who came to the world as a man, many mysterious things have occurred. His birth was not that of a king in a nation but of the Savior of the whole world, so mysterious things have occurred all over the world. The Magi who presented gifts to the baby Jesus were astronomers not from Judea but from Persia, today’s Iran. At that time, an angel from heaven proclaimed the great Good News - Luke 2:10: “Do not be afraid. I bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people. Today in the town of David a Savior has been born to you; He is Christ the Lord.” And an army of angels came down and praised Him: Luke 2:14: “Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace to men on whom his favor rests.” If you don’t acknowledge or believe in the truth that Jesus came to the world in Incarnation, then you are a non-believer and will never be saved. The fact of your believing the mystery of Jesus or not is so important that it determines your entire eternal destiny.
1. The Mystery of The Virgin Mary  (The Virgin Birth)
When Joseph, Mary’s fiancée, tried to secretly stop the fact that Mary had conceived from spreading, the Angel of the Lord appeared and said to Joseph, “Do not be afraid to take Mary home as your wife, because what is conceived in her is from the Holy Spirit.” (Matthew 1:20). In around 700 B.C., Isaiah prophesized, saying, “Behold, the virgin will be with a child, and will give birth to a son, and will call him Emmanuel.” (Isaiah 7:14). This prophesy was thus fulfilled. 
The fact of Mary’s Virgin Birth cannot be understood with human reasoning or scientific knowledge since it is a mystery accomplished by God the Creator with His creative powers, which we must accept on faith. If you don’t believe this mystery, you might be regarded as one who doesn’t believe in God or Jesus. Genesis 3:15 contains the prophesy, “I will put enmity between you and the woman, and between your offspring and hers; he will crush your head, and you will strike his heel.” Here “her offspring” means Jesus, who was going to be conceived not by a man but by the Holy Spirit. “Enmity” which hurts the ankle of the “son of a woman” is “Satan the demon”. If He had not been conceived by the Holy Spirit, He could not have become our Savior, and His Divinity would be denied.
2. The Mystery of Incarnation
Since the creation of all creatures by God the Creator, the most mysterious thing to have occurred is God’s entry into time and space as a human creature. This is called “Do-sung-in-shin” in Chinese -truth accomplishes human body. John 1:14 reads: “The Word became flesh and made His dwelling among us. We have seen His glory, the glory of the One and Only, who came from the Father, full of grace and truth”. We should believe that He is truly God AND truly human. 
In John 1:1, “In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God”. If you believe the divinity of Jesus, you should believe the fact of God’s incarnation. If you cannot believe the mystery of Jesus, you are not a Christian and cannot he be saved.
1 John 4:2-3 reads: “This is how you can recognize the Spirit of God: Every spirit that acknowledges that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh is from God, but every spirit that does not acknowledge Jesus is not from God. This is the spirit of the antichrist.” The spirit of the Antichrist, which is the spirit of Satan, leads us to doubt the fact of the Incarnation.
There could not have been a sacrifice as sin offering, or the shedding of blood for our Redemption, if He had not been conceived by the Holy Spirit.  He could not have become our Savior. Even doubting Thomas confessed his vast faith, calling out, “My Lord, my God,” after touching the wounds on His body.
3. The Mystery of Immanuel
Matthew 1:23 reads: “The virgin will be with child and will give birth to a son, and they will call Him Immanuel”. This is another name for Jesus and means “God is with us”.
Looking in the Bible, we see that God, who left sinful man and sits on the throne in heaven, came closer and closer to man again. He first came closer to man invoking fear, descending in smoke and fire on the top of a mountain with smoke billowing up as if from a furnace. (Exodus 19:18 following). He next came closer descending in a Tabernacle on the ground (Leviticus, Numbers). The third time, the Word, which is God, came to the world in flesh and finally died for us, forsaking Himself. This is like a father in Busan, who fails to contact his son in Seoul via mail and phone, and, since mailing and calling are insufficient to deliver his love for his son, finally decides to visit himself.
Since Jesus came in the flesh and died on the cross as a sacrifice to atone for our sins, He broke the wall between God and us so that God has been with us ever since. Therefore, Jesus is called “Immanuel”. 
Next, God came much closer into our hearts as the Holy Spirit, and now abides there. Before Jesus ascended, He said, “And I will ask the Father, and He will give you another Counselor to be with you forever- the spirit of truth. The world cannot accept Him, because it neither sees Him nor knows Him. But you know Him, for He lives with you and will be in you.” (John 14:16). God, who was sitting on His throne in heaven so far away from us came into each heart through Jesus; therefore, He is now with us everyday. He said, “I will not leave you as orphans; I will come to you. Before long, the world will not see me anymore, but you will see me. Because I live, you also will live” (John 14:18-20).
4. The Mystery of Death
Jesus’ greatest work is His dying on the Cross for our sins. There has never been such a death of Atonement like Jesus’ in human history. Jesus, who has the authority to forsake or give life, took His Cross in the early morning and walked towards Golgotha. When He was scourged and whipped and fell down so often while bearing His Cross, Simon of Cyrene stopped and took the Cross instead.
When Jesus got to the top of Golgotha, bloodied and wounded, He was laid on the Cross and nailed through His hands and feet. When the Cross was roughly raised, His nailed hands and feet were torn and bled greatly. After 6 hours on the Cross, Roman soldiers pierced His side with a spear and He shed so much blood that He at last shed water. When He died, He cried, “It is accomplished.” His work of Redemption to save us from our sins and send us to heaven was accomplished. The death of Jesus was truly mysterious.
5. The Mystery of Resurrection
Jesus died and was buried, but people couldn’t confine Him - the Lord of Life - to the tomb. On the third day, as prophesied, He emerged from His tomb and became alive forever. All the tombs of religious founders in the world still exist, but the tomb of Jesus is empty. Christianity is the religion of Resurrection. It is said that no one has salvation unless he believes the Resurrection (Romans 10:9).
The Resurrection of Jesus truly proved He is the Son of God. The Resurrection proves His Divinity.
6. The Mystery of The Ascension
In the spring of 1961, when man explored space, the whole world was surprised and spoke a lot about it. But it was not the first time that man had explored space. There was an earlier occasion.
After His Resurrection, Jesus remained for 40 days and brought His disciples to Mt. Olive. There, Jesus ascended into the clouds. Everyone looked at Him wide-eyed with surprise. He didn’t use a space ship or rocket or wear a spacesuit. He just ascended into the clouds. He returned to the Throne of God where He had come from. He went back to the Glory, which existed before Creation.
The Resurrection proved that Jesus is the Son of God and His Ascension proved that He is the Lord of all Creation. He defeated the power of death through His Resurrection. Through His Ascension, He showed that He has all power of Heaven and Earth. “Therefore God exalted Him to the highest place and gave Him the name that is above every name.” Philippians 2:9.
7. The Mystery of The Advent
In the Old Testament, the First Coming of Jesus was prophesized, but as time went by, the desires of the prophets faded. Jesus came down at the time when the promise had almost been forgotten, and nobody knew who He was or was prepared to accept Him.
Like this, the Bible promises us that Jesus will come down again at the end of the world. Even though the Bible speaks eight times more about the Second Coming than it does about the First, people have begun to doubt whether He will come again. They believe His promise might be in vain. However, Jesus will come down again as He did in His First Coming. All of the prophecies have been accomplished. There has not been even one vain promise. The promise is the Word of Almighty God.
Jesus’ Second Coming is the accomplishment of God’s Works of Creation and Salvation work. It is also the final desire of saints and believers. If you don’t believe in the mystery of the Advent, you are not a Christian and won’t be saved, even though you attend church.
When Jesus comes again from heaven, the dead-but-saved will resurrect first and meet Jesus, and the surviving people will be suddenly transformed, as a caterpillar becomes a butterfly, and taken up. After the Thousand Year Kingdom is accomplished, the dead-but-not-saved will resurrect. This is the Second Resurrection. They will be judged before the White Throne of God, cast into the lake of the everlasting fire of Hell and be afflicted there eternally.
If you don’t believe in any of the mysteries: of the Virgin Birth, of The Incarnation, of Immanuel, of Death, of The Resurrection, of The Ascension or of The Advent, you are not a truly saved Christian. Brothers, I hope all of you are blessed who believe in all of the mysteries of Jesus.
Amen








The New Habits of The New Self
The New Habits of The New Self
“You were taught, with regard to your former way of life, to put off your old self, which is being corrupted by its deceitful desires; to be made new in the attitude of your minds; and to put on the new self, created to be like God in true righteousness and holiness.”
(Ephesians 4:22-24)
On this, the last Sunday of 1999, we should prepare our minds to welcome the New Year and spend it well. Regardless of whether this year has been a success or a failure, we must let if flow into the sea of oblivion, forgetting it and letting it go.
So, let’s receive God’s grace, listening to and reflecting upon His words under today’s title, “The New Habits of The New Self.”
Today’s scripture tells us, “You were taught, with regard to your former way of life, to put off your old self, which is being corrupted by its deceitful desires; to be made new in the attitude of your minds; and to put on the new self, created to be like God in true righteousness and holiness.”(Ephesians 4:22-24). This means that we should cast off the old decaying habits of our old self, and put on a new self instead, with the holiness and righteousness of truth. So, cast off your old habits, cast off your old self, and put on new habits!
1. Put On The New Self
The Bible tells us to take off the old self, full of sin, as we would remove old clothing, and to put on the new self, as we would put on new garments. The truth of the Bible teaches us that people cannot be saved by trying to train their minds and cultivate themselves through education, since this is like trying to repair old, patched clothing. People can be saved only if they repent and cast off their sins and their old self, which were leading them to eternal destruction, and believe in Jesus, accepting Him and receiving new life through Him, by putting Him on like a new, seamless garment.
So we should realize that we are sinners, repent and believe in Jesus as the Savior of our lives. When we believe in Jesus Christ, and confess this aloud, we will receive a new life, and become a new self. (John 1:12, 3:16, 6:47, Romans 10:10 etc.) The word of God is like a seed, containing life. When we believe in and accept the words of God, they fall on fertile soil and new life can grow. When the seed falls along the path it is like a person for whom the Word of God goes in one ear and out the other, without him believing. Therefore, one day the birds - demons - come down and snatch the seeds. Physically, man’s body is born the same way. Even though today might be the first time you have ever attended church, if you realize that you are a sinner, repent and believe in and accept Jesus, then you can receive new life, even today, and leave this church a new self.
2. Cast Off Old Habits
If you believe in Jesus and become a new self, you should cast off your old habits - the desires of the flesh, the devil’s temptations in your past, by repenting them.
Chestnuts absorb nutrients very well, become ripe, open their shells and fall from them. Like a chestnut, when we truly accept the words of God, and receive God’s holy grace from Heaven, our old, past, decaying habits will fall away.
The old habits follow the devil’s temptation, and literally decay and destroy humans.
So, after you come to believe in Jesus and accept Him, you should savor God’s words and grace, repent your sins, cast away your old habits, and cut them completely. Standing at the end of the year, we should now make, and pray for the decision to cast off our old, evil smelling and decaying habits. Someone who has believed in Jesus for several years might still retain his bad habits, like a dog returning to its vomit. We should not retain the bad habits of our past, but cast away such habits as drinking, fighting, gambling, lying etc., and welcome the New Year as a new self.
There are many people who, because of one bad habit, could not receive God’s blessing and thus did not become a noble article, worthy of kings, but instead became an ignoble article, meant for a dog. Can’t a determined and resolved person gain success in the world?
The famous general, Kim Yoo-Shin, loved wine and women in his youth. One day his mother said tearfully, “How will you achieve your great vision? You want to reign over the nation and the entire world!” He stopped right there, and made the decision never to go to a drinking house or a comfort house again. But, one day, returning home after a victorious battle, he was sleeping on his horse, and the intelligent horse stopped in front of a comfort house. At that moment the general opened his eyes and fell from the horse, reproaching it in a loud voice, “Why did you bring me here?” He withdrew his long sword, cut off the head of his beloved horse, and continued home, on foot.
I once heard the story of a pastor who was an excellent and intelligent preacher, but who had some difficulty controlling his speech. Because of this problem, his church members excluded him. One day, to correct his speech problem, he went to a small church, located on an island. He stayed on the island for three years, and constantly kept a chestnut sized stone in his mouth. Finally, he was able to change his speaking habits, and become a wonderful pastor who and was welcomed by everyone.
Whether we enjoy success or suffer failure, or receive God’s blessing or not depends upon our habits. With the old year, we should cast off our old self with regard to our former way of life, which is being corrupted by the devil’s temptation; be made new in the attitude of our minds, and become a new self.
3. Have The New Habits of the New Self
If we believe in Jesus and are saved, and become a new self, we should have new habits as that new self. Galatians 5:24, says: “Those who belong to Christ Jesus have crucified the simple nature with its passions and desires.” Galatians 2:20 reads, “I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I live in the body I live by faith in the Son of God who loved me and gave Himself for me.” In the spirit of these words, we must crucify our old habits and live in the new self.
1) We Should Have the New Habit of Attending Every Worship Service
We should not be the kind of Christian who is tempted to skip church services when, for example, his friends invite him to go mountain climbing, hunting or fishing - we must attend every church worship service. We must display the style of a faithful Christian, to whom no one would dare suggest or even mention missing worship service. Even if the world boxing title fight is being televised, we must have the strength to stand up, turn off the television, and go to church; when we miss worship service for some other favored event, we will never be faithful Christians.
One day a week should be set aside as a day of sacrifice to the Lord - the Lord's Day. If you do this, God will bless and give peace to your family and country. Isaiah 58:13-14 reads, “If you keep your feet from breaking the Sabbath and from doing as you please on my holy day, if you call the Sabbath a delight and the Lord's holy day honorable, and if you honor it by not going your own way, and not doing as you please or speaking idle words, then you will find your joy in the Lord and I will cause you to ride on the heights of the land and to feast on the inheritance of your father Jacob. The mouth of the Lord has spoken.” After Jesus' resurrection, the Sabbath day became the Lord's Day. Psalms 84:4 tells us, “Blessed are those who dwell in your house; they are ever praising you.” Even the sparrows and swallows feel envy when they built their nests on the Lord's house. 84:10 tells us, “Better is one day in your courts than a thousand elsewhere; I would rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God, then dwell in the tents of the wicked,” envying God's sanctuary. In keeping his promise to such faithful people, even though they walk in the valley of the shadow of death, and meet sorrow and distress, God, in His time, will lead them to the comfort of the still waters and shed on them the grace of His rain. Yes, God really will.
Let's attend worship service eagerly! Of course we should attend Sunday morning worship service, but we should also attend the Sunday evening worship service, instead of spending our time in front of the television. In the days of Jesus Christ, the religion had become so rotten and corrupted. Yet even Jesus Himself followed the decrees and went to temple regularly.
2) We Should Have the New Habit of Returning To God His Own
The most basic and important thing we can return to God is a precise tithe - ten percent of our income. In fact, those who do not bring their ten percent offerings, but bring other offerings, are not acting correctly. Dr. Billy Graham said, while preaching the Gospel, “The greatest sin among Americans today is the theft of God's possessions. When we do not bring our ten percent offerings to God, we do not fulfill our debts to Him, but refuse them instead. The ten percent already belong to God. (Leviticus 27:30) If we do not bring God our ten percent offerings, we are not truly offering to God.” Even though he had never given offerings, but stole instead, the robber crucified to the right of Jesus was saved through Jesus' sacrifice on the cross. Of course then we could say that we can receive salvation and eternal life without our ten percent offerings, but I tell you, those who do not bring their ten percent offerings to God can never be real Christians and receive His true blessing.
Richard Wurmbrand, called a “living martyr”, received extreme suffering at the hands of the communists while imprisoned. Nevertheless, from his food ration, a loaf of hard bread per week, and a bowl of filthy soup per day, he gave a portion to the weaker inmates, as his ten percent offering to God.
The inventor of Mentholatum, Albert Hyde, invented his patent medicine after deciding to bring ten percent offerings to God. He earned buckets of money through his product, giving so much of his earnings back to God, that he finally became known as the Christian who had offered the most money to God. He contributed millions of dollars to the YMCA, was able to cover his worldwide business expenses through his Japanese profits alone, and at his death, with 87, had donated 150 million dollars – at today’s value – 15 billion dollars for mission work!
William Colgate, blessed later in life through his ten percent offerings, was so poor at 16 that he left his home to seek his fortune. He met an old captain, whom he knew and told the captain that he intended to go to New York, but that his only skills were soap and candle making. The captain listened and knelt down to pray intently. He then told Colgate, “Some day, a famous soap maker will come out of New York. It might be you, or someone else. Be a good man and devote yourself to Christ. Return God’s share of the earnings. Sell your soap honestly, without cheating the customers. Then you will certainly be prosperous and rich.” Keeping these words in mind, Colgate began to attend church, and regularly offer exact tithes. When he earned one dollar, he offered ten cents. Gradually he advanced, becoming first a full time worker, then a partner, an owner and finally the president of a company in the soap business. He began with ten percent offerings, but increased over time to 50%, until finally, he gave every penny of his offerings to God! He brought God hundreds of millions of dollars!
J.D. Rockefeller began his fortune by earning money helping his mother. The first time he received his weekly salary of $1.50 his mother told him that he must separate ten percent to offer to God, in order to be prosperous. Rockefeller listened to his mother and offered ten percent of his earnings to God. How rich did he become! One day he asked the newspapers to educate children about ten percent offerings. “The children must be faithful stewards of God.” Even though we can acquire wealth without tithing, without God’s guarantee, we can one day lose our possessions; they cannot be passed as blessing from generation to generation.
In addition to these men, there are uncountable witnesses throughout the entire world to the power of ten percent offerings.
In the Bible there is only one mention of being able to test God. All other references state that testing God is a terrible sin. That single verse is Malachi 3:10: “Bring the whole tithe into the storehouse, that there may be food in my house. Test me in this, says the Lord almighty, and see if I will not throw open the floodgates of heaven and pour out so much blessing that you will not have room enough for it.”
When we are hesitant in bringing our ten percent offerings to God, God cannot willingly bless us. Therefore, we should have the good habit of regularly bringing God an offering, which exactly amounts to ten percent of whatever we have received - income, gifts, acquisitions etc.
The habit of offering tithes is the habit of receiving God’s blessing.
3) Have the Habit of Conversing With God
Conversing is speaking with someone. We should have the daily habit of speaking with God at a time and place especially reserved for Him. We should read at least two chapters of the Bible, listening to God’s voice through His message.
In the same way that we seek food for our body, we should have the habit of eating God’s word – spiritual food! Prayer must be the key, which opens the day, and closes it again at night. Place nothing before prayer! Let’s solve our problems through prayer! Daniel had the habit of praying three times a day, even though he risked his life to do so. Because of this, he was always granted success.
Amen!








Savior or Judge, the Lord?
Savior or Judge, the Lord?
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because he has not believed in the name of God's one and only Son.
(John 3:16-18)
Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life, but whoever rejects the Son will not see life, for God's wrath remains in him!
(John 3:36)
Then I saw a great white throne and him who was seated on it. Earth and sky fled from his presence, and there was no place for them. And I saw the dead, great and small, standing before the throne, and books were opened. Another book was opened, which is the book of life. The dead were judged according to what they had done as recorded in the books. The sea gave up the dead that were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead that were in them, and each person was judged according to what he had done. Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. The lake of fire is the second death. If anyone's name was not found written in the book of life, he was thrown into the lake of fire.
(Revelation 20:11-15)
   Charles G. Finney, the famous American evangelist, practiced law before his calling. Freshly graduated from law school, Finney rented an office in an old building in New York, hung up his signboard and started to practice.
One morning, taking a seat in his office, he heard God's voice in the silence of room, "Finney, what do you want to do in the future?" Finney answered God, "I will change my premises and become a good lawyer." "Then what?" "I will become a rich man." "Then what?" "I will retire." "Then what?" "I will die." Finally God asked once again, "Then what?" and Finney answered with a trembling voice, "I will be judged."
 Some time after answering God, he ran into a nearby woods and prayed all through the day, resolved not to leave until he had received reconciliation with God. He saw himself standing at the Judgment Seat of God. He realized thoroughly that his self-centered life was wrong: He felt the utter emptiness of the selfish life he had lived even before becoming a lawyer, and the vanity of his pursuit of worldly pleasures. Finally, in the evening, after struggling to pray for reconciliation with God, he decided to live for God's glory and pleasure from then on. He stood up and left the woods. After his decision, his life became filled with God's blessings and God's great power. For the next 50 years, and as a pastor, not a lawyer, he devoted himself to leading tens of thousands of people to repent and accept salvation for themselves.
As Charles G. Finney realized early in his life, so must we all realize that everyone, without exception, is destined to stand before the Judgment Seat of God.
 If you believe in Jesus Christ, the Son of God, as your Savior and welcome Him before dying, He will be Savior to you, but if you reject Him during your life, even at the point of death, He will be your Judge and you will meet Him before the Judgment Seat of God.
Once, a judge rescued a man from drowning at the beach. After several years, as chance would have it, the man stood before the Judge, on trial for a serious crime. The criminal remembered the judge and implored, "Your honor, just as you rescued me from drowning the last time, declare me 'not guilty' now and release me." "I saved your life in mercy at that time, but I'm not a savior, just a judge. I can't," he answered, in a dispassionate attitude.
  Brothers, is Jesus your Savior, who saves you from your sins? If not, is He the Judge you will meet before God's Judgment Seat? Now, in this moment, you must decide whether Jesus will be Savior or Judge to you. You must choose between the two.
1. Believe In Jesus Now, And He Is Your Savior.
   Jesus loves us so much that, to save people destined to eternal punishment because of their sins, He cast off the Glory of The Heavenly Kingdom and came to the world in the likeness of sinful man. Further, He bore the wrath and judgment of God for our sins, in His body, and was sacrificed to take away our sins by bleeding on the Cross. Then, through His Resurrection on the third day, He became our Savior, so that whoever believes in Him will not perish but will be blessed with eternal salvation.
John 3:16 reads, "For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life." 3:17 explains, "For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him."
So, whoever does not welcome and accept Jesus as his Savior in this life will have to face a fearful judge whose condemnation means everlasting punishment.
Is Jesus your Savior now? Or will He be your Judge in the future?
 Brothers, the Most Precious One calls on you with His gift of love and asks you simply to receive it. However if you discard it, His love will change into wrath and His gift will change into terrible punishment.
John 3:36 tells us, "Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life, but whoever rejects the Son will not see life, for God's wrath remains on him." At this moment, believe in Jesus Christ and welcome Him, and you will be saved. He will welcome you to His eternal Heavenly Kingdom after your death.
In John 1:12 we are told, "Yet to all who received him, to those who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God." Any sinner will be saved through repenting his sin and believing in Jesus, coming forward to God.
Romans 10:9-10 says, "That if you confess with your mouth, 'Jesus is Lord'and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you confess and are saved."
John 5:24 we can read, "I tell you the truth, whoever hears my word and believes him who sent me has eternal life and will not be condemned; he has crossed over from death to life." Believe in Jesus Christ as your Savior, and you will not stand before the dreadful Judgment Seat of God, or receive eternal damnation.
2. Believe In Jesus, Or He Will Be Your Judge.
   Even though you have the chance to believe in Jesus, if you reject Him, you will face the time when you stand before a dreadful Judge, not a Savior.
Revelation 20:11-15, records the dreadful Words: "Then I saw a great white throne and him who was seated on it. Earth and sky fled from his presence, and there was no place for them. And I saw the dead, great and small, standing before the throne, and books were opened. Another book was opened, which is the book of life. The dead were judged according to what they had done as recorded in the books. The sea gave up the dead that were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead that were in them, and each person was judged according to what he had done. Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. The lake of fire is the second death. If anyone's name was not found written in the book of life, he was thrown into the lake of fire."
Everyone who is not forgiven by Jesus' blood will be judged according to his own sins and thrown into the lake of fire to suffer punishment forever.
However, everyone who believes in Jesus and welcomes Him as Savior is blessed with the eternal life and enjoys peace and sweet rest in the eternal Heavenly Kingdom, being born again and recorded in the Lamb's book of life.
Therefore, everyone who is born just once in his body faces being thrown to the lake of fire, the second death (in Revelation 20:14). Everyone who is spiritually born again faces the death of his body just once and goes to the Heavenly Kingdom after his death.
   Brothers, do you believe in Jesus faithfully and have you been given new birth? Or are you simply continuing to live in the body without having been being given new birth?
If you go on living in the body without having been reborn, you will be thrown into the eternal lake of fire, the second death. Revelation 20: 10, explicitly states: And the devil, who deceived them, was thrown into the lake of burning sulfur, where the beast and the false prophet had been thrown. They will be tormented day and night for ever and ever." If you go to Hell, you will never escape from there. There is no way to come out of there.
 In Hell, you may long for Jesus' loving touch, but will never receive it. You will never have a chance of believing in Jesus, even though you may be eager to do so. You will be without sleep eternally. You will never be allowed to take even a drop of water, although you burn with thirst.
There are some people who don't want to go to church, because they find it full of hypocrites. However, living with hypocrites in the church during one's short life is better than living with them in Hell eternally, isn't it?
Revelation 21:8 records what types of people are cast into the lake of fire in Hell, "But the cowardly, the unbelieving, the vile, the murderers, the sexually immoral, those who practice magic arts, the idolaters and all liars their place will be in the fiery lake of burning sulfur. This is the second death."
In Hebrews 10:31, we read: "It is a dreadful thing to fall into the hands of the living God." Can you find a more dreadful thing than that anywhere in the world?
 Brothers, several years ago there was tragic occurrence which shocked the entire nation - Park Jong-Cheol, a student in Seoul National University, was tortured by policemen and died. His death led to special session of Parliament. Even though a single soul being thrown into the lake of fire in Hell after being judged is ten thousand times worse than this, many people are indifferent to it. Therefore, God is much rejoiced to save one lost soul and regards this as the most precious thing.
 Didn't Jesus declare in Matthew 10:28: "Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather be afraid of the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell." Is Jesus your Savior or your Judge?
3. The Book of Life or the Book of Deeds?
 In Revelation 20:12, we are told, "And I saw the dead, great and small, standing before the throne, and books were opened. Another book was opened, which is the book of life. The dead were judged according to what they had done as recorded in the books." In this verse, the book of life was in the singular and the books of deeds in the plural. Based on this, we know that the saved person's name is recorded in the Lamb's book of life; on the other hand, the sins of the condemned one are recorded and he is punished, according to the weight of his sins, after he goes to Hell. However, because all of the sins of the saved one recorded in the book of life were paid with Jesus' blood, he will receive rewards and be crowned according to his acts, at Jesus' second coming. (1 Corinthians 15:58 and Philippians 3:14)
If a saved person makes a mistake and commits a crime, he will not be judged in the age to come. But he will be disciplined and punished with many kinds of adversity during his life in this world. God's reproaching love will discipline and punish him by financial problems, business failure, disease, and problems in his relationships (1 Corinthians 11:31-32, Hebrews 12:5-13).
 Is your name recorded in the book of life? Or is your name recorded in the book of deeds next to Judgment Seat of God?
Here is an example about a young man who lived in the American West. He lived well without ever having committed a serious crime. One day, while he was enjoying a card game, he lost his head and struggled against an opponent, and shot and killed him. This earnest young man was condemned to death.
However, because he had lived earnestly in the past, his family and friends came to prepare letters of petition on his behalf. This fact was known to many people in other towns and cities, who eagerly signed the letters. At last the petitions were delivered to the governor, who was fortunately a Christian. Tearfully reading the basketful of letters, he decided to order a stay of execution, pardoning the man. Putting a letter of pardon in his pocket and donning a clerical gown, he set off to visit the young man in prison. When he arrived at the death row cells, the young man stood up and approached the bars, yelling at the governor, "Get out of here. I don't want to see you. I've met men just like you seven times before. I had religious life at home."
"Wait a moment, young man. I have something for you. Let me tell you about it," the governor said.
"I don't want to hear about it," the young man yelled angrily.
"If you don't get out of here right now, I'll ask the jailor to throw you out."
"But, young man, I want to inform you of good news. Let me tell you about it," the governor implored.
"I said get out of here right now, or I'll call a jailor," the young man repeated.
"All right, if you want me to, I'll go," the governor said and left sorrowfully.
After a while a jailor came and said, "Young man, the governor visited you a little while ago."
"What?" he cried out.
"He had a letter of pardon in his pocket which he kept trying to tell you about, but you didn't want to listen to him."
 The jailor gave the young man a pad at his request and the young man tearfully wrote a letter to the governor. "Dear Governor, I'd like to offer my sincere apologies for my impolite behavior during your visit to the prison a short time ago."
The governor read his letter and immediately wrote his answer on the back of the young man's letter, "Dear young man, I no longer have any interest in this case."
Soon thereafter, the young man's date of execution arrived.
"Do you have any last words before your death?" he was asked.
"Yes, please deliver my words to the youth of America. The reason why I must die is not because I killed someone. The governor pardoned me for my crime and I could have remained alive. The reason I must die is because I didn't receive the governor's pardon. He tried to offer it, but I rejected."
Welcome Jesus Christ faithfully as your Savior and ensure that your name is recorded in the book of life in the Heavenly Kingdom. Further, as a saved one, you must do your best in leading just one soul to be saved.
Amen








Does Hell Exist?
Does Hell Exist?
“He who was seated on the throne said, ‘I am making everything new!’ Then he said, ‘Write this down, for these words are trustworthy and true.’ He said to me: ‘It is done. I am the Alpha and the Omega, the Beginning and the End. To him who is thirsty I will give to drink without cost from the spring of the water of life. He who overcomes will inherit all this, and I will be his God and he will be my son. But the cowardly, the unbelieving, the vile, the murderers, the sexually immoral, those who practice magic arts, the idolaters and all liars – their place will be in the fiery lake of burning sulfur. This is the second death.’
(Revelation 21:5~8)
Many people were gathered in a theater to watch some comedy, when a fire broke out. A comedian came out on stage and announced calmly, “Ladies and gentleman, a fire has broken out in this theater, so please leave immediately in an orderly manner.” The audience just laughed at him, clapping and saying he was extremely funny. The comedian came out again and said seriously, “No, I’m not joking, this is real. There’s a fire here, and you must leave now,” but the audience still laughed at him in enjoyment. Finally many people were killed in the fire.
Today, the preaching that we should most seriously listen to is about hell, but the present world considers messages about “hell” to be jokes or strange stories. For this reason alone, I can’t help preaching about hell. What could be more serious and important than preaching about hell? Pastors can’t only preach about pleasant and sweet things which their congregation enjoys hearing. Although a patient doesn’t want to have injection, his doctor must give him one anyway; though his patient fears pain and affliction, the doctor must operate, lancing and pressing pus out from the body. In the same way, a pastor can’t always preach about things that his congregation likes to listen to. Although preaching about hell is not interesting, he must preach about it.
Dr. A.C.Dixon said, “If we preached more about hell in church, there would be less of it in the world.” This is right, the reason why today’s churches are morally corrupt and seriously full of moral disorder is that they have lost the meaning of hell. If pastors had preached about hell clearly, believers and saints would have done more for evangelism and more people would have repented and been saved.
If today’s pastors and church members believe in the existence of hell, and that they will go to heaven only if they believe in Jesus, and that, on the contrary, they will never avoid the punishment of hell if they don’t believe in Him, they will not say, “Why is the number of churches important? Why does the number of churches need to be increased?” I’m sure nobody will say this. Without conviction in the existence of heaven and hell, the base of Christian Faith is shaken. We should spread this with conviction.
1. Does Hell Exist?
People commonly ask how a loving God could send His beloved people to hell – a place of such terrible pain. Actually, hell was not made for man. Matthew 25:41 says that hell is, “...the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels.” Therefore, I tell you that hell is the place prepared after the Captain of angels betrayed God and was cast out from heaven. Originally, hell was the place prepared for demons, but people are punished there because they don’t believe in God’s Word and instead chase after the Devil.
An elegant woman once said to her pastor, “I dislike thoughts of hell.” The pastor answered, “You’re right, people don’t like prisons, the electric chair or executions, such as hanging, but they were made and still exist because the government considers them necessary.” The final judgment will surely come.
As Jesus said, “Just as a man is destined to die once, and after that to face judgment…” (Hebrews 9:27), people can’t avoid judgment after death if they can’t avoid their death. A farmer never lets his crops go fallow, since he has fertilized, and cultivated them – he must harvest them. In the same way that he threshes them in fall and sorts the good from the bad grain, so too, there will be a time when God finally judges the disobedient of the world and sentences them to hell.
Voltaire, boasted that the Bible would completely disappear within 100 years. He published many books on atheism, but after he died, his house was sold and became a storehouse, packed to the ceiling with Bibles.  At his death, Voltaire said, “I am forsaken by God and man! Doctor, please give me 6 more months to live, and I will give you half of my estate.” But the doctor said, “You don’t even have 6 weeks.” When he was near death, he was extremely nervous, trembling so much that the doctor had trouble treating him. His dying words were “I’m going to hell.” Francis Newton, an atheist, breathed his last with the words, “I am eternally punished! God is against me, who can save me? Ah! I’m punished in the unendurable affliction of hell and curses.” Also, Sir Thomas Scott said at his death, “I didn’t know God and hell exist! But now I feel they both exist! I’m going to damnation by the righteous judgment of Almighty God!” An Atheist, Perigold, said with affliction at his death, “I will receive the distress of those judged by God eternally.”
More certain than the above is the truth which many verses of the Bible, the truthful Word without lies, emphatically tell us about the existence of hell. There are more words about hell than heaven in the Bible. If words written even only a few times in the Bible have surely come true, then what about the words emphasized so often? Won’t they come true? 
Jesus said, “Where, ‘their worm does not die, and the fire is not quenched.’” Mark 9:48. Paul also said that hell exists. “…and give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when the Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with his powerful angels. He will punish those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our Lord Jesus. They will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out from the presence of the Lord and from the majesty of his power.” 2 Thessalonians 1:7-9. Peter said, “For if God did not spare angels when they sinned, but sent them to hell, putting them into gloomy dungeons to be held for judgment.” 2 Peter 2:4. John also emphasized, “If anyone’s name was not found written in the book of life, he was thrown into the lake of fire.” Revelation 20:15. Therefore, no matter how people say that hell doesn’t exist, no one can go against the Word of God or the words of the Apostles. As prisons, execution and other punishments exist for those who break the laws of the world, hell, with its punishments, exists for those who go against the Laws of God - isn’t that right and reasonable? But, if you still don’t believe in the existence of hell, don’t worry - you will know the truth in less than five minutes after you die without believing in Jesus Christ. However, it will be too late.
2. What Kind of Place is Hell?
Some say that hell is just a description, a mere painting. However, you should bear in mind that hell is a place full of affliction, which cannot be expressed in words. The reality is far more painful and searing.
The memories of someone who is afflicted in hell will fan the flames of the eternal fire which torments him. A murderer, in hell, will remember the face of the person whom he killed in the world, a gambler will remember the face of one whom he cheated, and a person who rejected believing in Jesus Christ will remember the chances he was given to believe, and with that memory his agonies will increase more. His sins will increase the heat of the fire. Conscience will add heat to the fire. Then, what kind of place is hell?
1) Never Ending Fire.
The fire in hell never ends; even the worm doesn’t die there. (Matthew 5:22, Revelation 20:10, 14, 15, 21:8, Mark 9:48, Isaiah 66:24). Hell is such a place of pain that there is constant weeping and gnashing of teeth. (Matthew 25:30). Pain is not only physical - mental affliction is not less painful than physical torture. We can find many people who commit suicide by poison for mental affliction, can’t we? In the story of a rich man and Lazarus, written in Luke 16, the rich man who was cast down into hell was so thirsty and afflicted that he asked Abraham to send Lazarus, once his servant, to him with a drop of water on his finger to slake his thirst. But his pleas were rejected. Then he asked Abraham to send Lazarus to his five brothers to witness to them so that they would not be sent down to hell as he had been. How hot, thirsty and searing it is there!
2) Cannot Be Avoided.
Last week, I went to a church for a revival meeting. The pastor there asked me, “Would you like to go to sauna to relieve your tiredness.” We went to sauna together to relax. While there, I received great grace from his words. We entered the steam room to sweat, but he soon ran out, as he couldn’t stand the heat, crying, “Whew, I can leave that hot place anytime I want, but once they’ve been cast into hell, nobody can escape… forever”. I was impressed by his words and decided to preach about painful hell again so that people will not go there.
Escape from the world is possible through death, but in hell there is no exit. Some people commit suicide, because the world afflicts them, but this is like jumping into everlasting fire, because the frying pan is too hot. Looking down to the sea from the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, you can spot a small island, with a prison on it. The prison was built there so that the prisoners could not escape. Although one of them might even break out, he would never be able to swim to shore because of the strong current or because he would suffer a heart attack from the cold water. Even if he could swim that far, or survive the cold, he would probably be eaten by a shark. So nobody dreamt of getting out of there. Despite all of this, there was a man who escaped from the prison. However, there is no exit or way to escape from hell.
3) Without End
The Israelites, who worked as servants in Egypt, had the hope that their life of slavery would one day end. Later, Moses came to them and they really were led to the Promised Land.
People in jail have the hope that they may one day be free, patients have the hope that they will recover and really be cured. However, the affliction of hell is eternal. Some say, “It is unfair to be punished eternally because of sins committed during this short life.” Punishment is not imposed in proportion to the time it took to commit the sins, but depends instead upon their type. One murderer can kill a man in three seconds; it might take another three hours. However, sins with their subsequent punishments cannot be heavier or lighter according to the time it took to commit them. The heaviest sin of all is not believing in God and Jesus Christ who died on the cross, shed His blood, and resurrected to save us.
Let’s imagine that a sparrow moves water from the Pacific to the Atlantic Ocean in its beak. How long will it take to move all the water? This is just an instant compared to eternity. So, how terrible will it be to live in hell forever?
4) Contains All Kinds of People
In hell, all classes, all races and colors are mixed. Although a man of one class never associated with people of a lower class, he will suffer affliction together with them there.
The kinds of people found in hell is explained in Revelation 21:8: “But the cowardly, the unbelieving, the vile, the murderers, the sexually immoral, those who practice magic arts, the idolaters and all liars - their place will be in the fiery lake of burning sulfur. This is the second death.” Brothers, you might say you are not one of them, but the “non-believer” will be cast into the lake of fire in hell along with the extremely cruel sinners.
Don’t forget that not only a man who has a sin considered heavy in the view of the world, but also a man who is considered great by the standards of the world, but doesn’t believe in Jesus Christ, will all join in going to hell. A man who has a Christian wife and who has good Christian parents will go to hell if he himself goes against the salvation offered by Christ and doesn’t believe it sincerely. Those who don’t know salvation though Christ but only trust in their own goodness and works will go to hell.
For one who dies without believing in Jesus Christ and accepting Him, today’s message might be the last chance for an invitation to the Kingdom of God. I hope that you accept Jesus Christ as your Savior and are saved so that none of you receive the punishments of hell. If you believe in Jesus, you will have eternal life and will go to heaven; if you don’t, you will perish and go to hell. According to the history of Christianity, the pastors, whom God uses greatly, all preached the Gospel with fiery hearts to save even a single soul facing the fires of hell. A man who receives the Holy Spirit believes in Jesus as Savior of life and firmly believes in heaven and hell. I give my gratitude to God who gives me conviction in the existence of heaven and hell. I believe that it is because of such faith, that our church has been reviving continuously, has built a world famous new temple under negative conditions and has been preaching the Gospel in and out of the country without rest.
If hell didn’t exist, I would not need to ask you to believe in Jesus or need to do pastoral work. When you move to save souls falling into hell, God is pleased and loves you.  Amen








Rendezvous With Death
Rendezvous With Death
 “Just as a man is destined to die once, and after that to face judgment, so Christ was sacrificed once to take away the sins of many people; and he will appear a second time, not to bear sin, but to bring…
(Hebrews 9:27-28)
In the First World War, a poet died after writing a poem entitled, “Rendezvous With Death.” Some years ago a Japanese 747 fell out of the sky, killing 520 people. A British 747 crashed while taking off, due to a fire in it’s engine – almost 50 people were killed. Yesterday, we had a funeral service for the father of a young church member. If Jesus’ Second Coming is delayed, we will have a rendezvous with death. Death can come slowly or suddenly, but it does certainly come. A man whose health is good, might die within a few days – a man who is about to die, lying in his bed, might live for another ten or twenty years. Death is mysterious but it is a fact. Public cemeteries or tombs witness the certain coming of death.
1. Death in the Bible
The Garden of Eden was a beautiful place. It was a place where sin or death could not enter. But God told Adam and Eve, Genesis 3:16-17, “You are free to eat from any tree in the garden, but you must not eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, for when you eat from that tree you will surely die.” However, they ate the forbidden fruit, disobeying God’s word, and at that moment, died spiritually. From that moment on, they were also dying slowly, physically. We also have the same process. God wrote the names of nine persons, from Adam to Noah, in the Bible. One of them was Enoch. Enoch did not die, but ascended to heaven. Excepting Enoch, the Bible always tells us, “he died” and, “he died”. The record shows the accomplishment of the Word of God, “surely you will die.” In Kings we can find the repeated statement, “he lived, reigned over, and died…lived, reigned over and died.”
“The Lord said to Moses, ‘the day of your death is near,’” and to Ezekiel, ‘The soul who sins is the one who will die.’ And to Hezekiah, ‘Put your house in order, because you are going to die; you will not recover.’” (Isaiah 38:1). Jesus also spoke about death often. He said that a beggar died and was embraced by Abraham, but that a rich man died and descended to hell: (Luke 16:13-21). He also told the Pharisees that they would die in their sins: John 8:24.
The Bible tells us that there are many people who died in groups: Pharaoh and his army in the Red Sea (Exodus 14), Sennacherib and his soldiers - 185,000 people killed by God’s angel (2 Kings 19:35-36). The Bible also prophesized that millions of people would die at Armageddon: Revelations 16, 19. It also tells us the John the Baptist and Saint Stephen would die bravely. 2 Timothy 4:6, “For I am already being poured out like a drink offering, and the time has come for my departure.” The Bible also records words about death in many chapters. A chrysalis will become a beautiful butterfly one day – like this, even though we are still alive at Jesus’ Second Coming, we will ascend to Heaven. At that time, how glorious it will be for those joined with Jesus.
2. The Origin of Death
The Bible clearly says that death came from sin. This is explained by the story of the Garden of Eden. Since the first man committed sin, death has been delivered upon all of his descendants. In fact, death not only polluted man, but nature as well.
Flowers bloom and wither, and the green leaves of trees fade and die; all animals die, too. All of us have death in our body. Our bones break, our teeth rot, and our hair grays, and falls out. Our eyesight gradually weakens.
Cancer spreads in someone’s body; the muscles in one’s heart are weakened; blood pressure increases – death approaches us.
The person who strongly emphasizes the divine gift of God, healing, says that illness is caused by weak faith: God’s plan is for us to have perfect health. But such people will also go to a hospital when they are sick. They wear glasses, hearing aids, and visit a dentist when they have a toothache. Finally, they die. Certainly God heals our diseases, answering our prayers. But, we cannot escape death’s grasp.
We will never have a perfect body until Jesus’ second coming. Today’s scripture, Hebrews 9:27-28 says, “Just as man is destined to die once,” - our appointed time of death comes closer each day. Many people die from unexpected accidents each year. People die from car accidents, plane accidents, train accidents, drowning, disease or suicide. So there is an unwritten rule for architects to remember, “All doors and steps should be wide enough to let a coffin pass.” But the saved have no fear of death, because they place their hope in Christ to conquer death. If one of you does not believe with all your heart in Jesus, you should fear death. Death ends all chance of being saved. Even at this moment, death might come to us.
3. What Will Happen When We Die?
1) What Happens to a Christian When He Dies?
His body is put in a grave. His grave might be in a cemetery, or under the seas, or in the desert sand, or on the top of a mountain. His body will rot and remain so until the second coming of Jesus. When Jesus appears in the sky at His second coming, the Christian’s body will resurrect, and become like Jesus’. He will remain with the Lord forever. Even though the Christian’s body rests in the grave, his soul never sleeps there. In 2 Corinthians 5:8, the Apostle Paul says, “I would prefer to be away from the body and at home in the Lord.” Philippians1:23-24, says: “I am torn between the two, my desire to depart and be with Christ, this is better by far, but it is more necessary for you that I remain in the body.” In these verses we can realize that our soul and spirit, our true self, will be raised to heaven and remain with Jesus at the moment of our death. If our soul slept after death, then the Apostle Paul, who died 1,900 years ago, would not have met Jesus. In the Bible there is no mention of our soul and spirit sleeping after death.
When a Christian dies, his body will go to the grave, but his soul and spirit will ascend to heaven and remain with Jesus Christ. If we die in Christ, our soul and spirit will fly to the world of light. When a robber repented at the moment of his death, Jesus said to him, “Today you will be with me in Paradise.” (Luke23:43). Jesus said today, not tomorrow or in one thousand years. Therefore, death is not an object of horror for the children of God. Death means only that we will transfer from this world of curses to the happy Heavenly Kingdom.
But even if you are a saved Christian, you will need to prepare for death. One day you will stand before the judgment seat of God to be rewarded by Christ. There are some people who have offered no devotional work for Christ, and some who have offered only a little. The works you accomplished for your own glory will be burned in the fire of judgment. You will hear: You can go to heaven through the sacrifice of Jesus Christ, but because you have not done any works in His name you have no rewards there.
Some people do not work for the glory of God. They waste their lives only seeking things that will disappear when the sun sets. They waste their lives seeking social status, wealth and pleasure. Finally, they stand before their own Savior, Jesus Christ, with empty hands, without having done any work for their own Savior. If you are living such a life, don’t you think you need to prepare for your death? To avoid meeting Jesus Christ empty handed, won’t you work busily for Him from now on? We should remember that, at the moment of our death, we can no longer work to save even one single soul more. Can you die without having led your beloved sons and daughters to salvation? Jesus said, “As long as it is day, we must do the work of him who sent me. Night is coming, when no one can work.” (John9:4).
2) What Happens When A Sinner Dies?
Luke16:22-23, reads, “The rich man also died and was buried. In hell, when he was in torment he looked up and saw Abraham far away…” At the moment of death, a man who rejected Jesus in life becomes conscious of the fear and suffering which awaits him. His body goes to the grave, but his soul goes to a place of suffering. Later, his body will be resurrected and rejoined with his soul. That sinner will be thrown into the lake of fire prepared for demons and the servants of evil and he will receive the fear and suffering which has been awaiting him.
4. Can You Be Saved After Death?
The answer is absolutely not! Ecclesiastes11:3 says, “Whether a tree falls to the south or to the north, in the place where it falls there will it lie.” A man’s situation – whether saved or perished, will continue eternally after his death. After death, there is no opportunity to repent. There is no more Gospel to listen to, and there are no sympathizers. After death, nonbelievers have only judgment, curses and agony.
Abraham said to one who had fallen into hell, “And besides all this, between us and you a great chasm has been fixed so that those who want to go from here to there cannot, nor can anyone cross over from there to us.” (Luke17:26). God established the chasm in the same way that He placed the sun 93 million miles from the earth. Those who have fallen into eternal punishment will remain separated from the Heavenly Kingdom by the chasm. God calls to you sincerely, “Come to Jesus, come to Jesus, before your death.” After death there is further opportunity to do so.
5. Repentance At The Moment of Death
The most important thing at the moment of death is that we repent and believe with sincere hearts. Therefore, at the latest at the moment of your death, repent with a sincere heart and believe that you will be saved! Someone who appeared to be dying called to those around him, promising, “Help me and pray for me and if I survive I will attend church and believe in Jesus.” He did not die, but lived, and became a good Christian, attending church regularly. He was saved. But, another man who made the same promise did not keep it, did not go to church, did not believe in Jesus, and did not talk to God. Such people are not truly saved. Someone who seeks Jesus at his time of urgency only to change his faith later when calm and safe cannot be said to have true faith at all. Don’t lose your opportunity to be saved. Just accept Jesus Christ sincerely in your heart and receive certain salvation!
6. You Can Die At Any Moment.
Over half of all deaths are by sudden accident or event. Traffic accidents, murders, suicides, war, heart attacks etc. are all sudden occurrences which leave people without enough time to cry out, “help me, save me”, forcing them to meet God without having prepared for death – without an opportunity for repentance.
But they have no excuse for not being saved. Even a lonely mountain village has a church, Bibles, and Christian books. The Gospel is spread via radio and television as well as on the altar. Modern Koreans especially can’t complain about not being saved. In Proverbs29:1, we learn: “A man who remains stiff-necked after many rebukes will suddenly be destroyed – without remedy.”
Go forward to Jesus Christ and be saved!
7. The Man Who Conquered Death
The moment our Lord, Jesus Christ was resurrected at the grave of Joseph of Arimathea’s, he conquered death for you and me. As he lives, we live. Even though our bodies rest in the grave until the second coming of Jesus, our souls and spirits take off for the Heavenly Kingdom, at the moment of death.
So, death cannot instill fear, nor darkness capture Christians.
So, confront death! “Death! You’re coming for me? Come on!” Christians - mock death!
Death can be the most wonderful crossing from the sinful world to the Heavenly Kingdom. Death doesn’t let us cross cold waters, or let us be strangled by cold hands, or let our faces be blown by ice-cold winds.
At last, death is the end of sin, sorrow and disappointment. Further, it is the moment of our freedom from anxiety and uneasiness. Paul said, “For to me, to live is Christ and to die is gain.” (Philippians1:21). If you live for Jesus Christ then dying is gain and glory.
What meaning does death have for you? Is it the end of all opportunity? Is it the beginning of blessing? Will we go above or below? To heaven or hell? The choice is yours. It could be Jesus Christ and the Heavenly Kingdom, or sin and hell.
A young boy plays with sand at a beach. He builds a sand castle city, with shops, houses and churches. While he is playing he doesn’t observe the sun setting. In a few moments the tides will wash away the castle. He runs away to avoid the rising water. His elder brother runs out to grasp the disappointed little boy and bring him to a safe place. Later, he brings him safely to his home.
Likewise, we are also playing on the sands of time. We spend our short time building a toy house and working for this world. We are too busy to notice death approaching us. Sudden death sweeps us away, with our accomplishments, all at once. This includes accomplishments that have taken several years to achieve. But we are not afraid of it!! Our elder brother Jesus Christ knows everything. He comes to us and hugs us in His powerful embrace. He brings us to our Father’s shining, brilliant house.
But you should believe in Jesus as your Savior and live for Him. This doesn’t mean your life will be sinless. You should welcome Jesus Christ as your Savior in the center of your heart, and should live for Him.
How many people in your family, or relatives, or among your neighbors are still going to eternal punishment? How many do not hear the Gospel in the world?
Amen.







The Gospel of the Blood
The Gospel of the Blood
“For the life of a creature is in the blood, and I have given it to you to make atonement for yourselves on the altar; it is the blood that makes atonement for one’s life.”
(Leviticus 17:11)
This verse is so very important.. I saw the following report in a newspaper on Friday, January 28. There was a member of the Jehova’s Witnesses named Wol-Sun Park, whose twelve year old daughter, Kyung-Suk Kim lay in danger of dying of hepatitis. She had been close to death for ten days, after having discharged blood. Despite this critical condition, the mother refused to allow the daughter to have blood transfusion, based upon the Jehova’s Witnesses erroneous religious doctrine of the blood. Finally, the beautiful young girl died.
I was extremely shocked upon reading this report, and, as a pastor, could not let it pass in silence. I am therefore going to preach a sermon entitled “The Gospel of The Blood.”
The doctrine of the blood as mentioned in the Bible is for the purpose of saving one’s soul and spirit, and bringing eternal life to man. However, the erroneous doctrine applied by the mother resulted in the death of a person.
The river of blood flows throughout the Bible, from Genesis to Revelation. The constant teaching is that the blood atones for your sins, because it represents life, whereas the wages of sin is death.
The wages of sin is death. Death means separation. Death can be regarded as the separation of one’s soul and spirit from his body – that is, it can be regarded as the separation from God, the origin of life.
Blood is the life. Because blood is the representative of life, it alone can revoke death and wash away sin. Through the blood of atonement, every person already separated from God and destined for eternal punishment, will again be united with God, and receive eternal life.
Leviticus 17:11, tells us, “The life of a creature is in the blood, and I have given it to you to make atonement for yourselves on the altar; it is the blood that makes atonement for one’s life.” The Bible clearly says, “The life is in the blood, the blood makes atonement for one’s life.”
Sin is death, while blood is life. God has therefore told us that only the blood can atone for your sins.
Let’s look at an overview of the atonement for sin throughout history.
1. Historical Overview of Atonement for Sin
Around A.D. 1300 in Mexico, an epidemic disease brought calamity to the people, who believed it was the wrath of god called down upon them for their sins, and offered sacrifices. They chose an innocent handsome youth, a virgin, and granted him a last wish. They then stripped him and painted his body colorfully in red, black, blue and white tones. The officiating high priest then presented him to the congregation which transferred their sins to him, while shouting, “Take my sins, take my sins.” With all watching, the youth was stretched upon the high pyramidal altar and stabbed directly in the heart, with a sword, shedding great amounts of blood. Through this sacrifice, the wrath of god was appeased.
In the then cultural center of the world, Athens, a terrible disease in the city was seen as God’s wrath for the Athenian’s sins, and sacrifices were offered accordingly. A poor old man was bought and led before the congregation, which transferred their sins to him, and then stoned him to death, so that his blood ran freely. The Athenians believed that this sacrifice appeased the wrath of god and brought them forgiveness for their sins.
In Saxony, in what we now call Europe, animal blood was offered as sacrifice for sin. Later, the blood of human sacrifices was offered - captives taken during the Persian War.
In ancient Thrace, there is a record of blood sacrifices intended to cleanse the city of sin.
Ancient Egypt records human sacrifices on New Year’s day, when three men were pierced in the heart.
The Scythians, who once roamed the continent of Euraisa, stabbed their victims in the heart, catching their blood in bottles to be offered as a sacrifice to appease the wrath of god.
In Dahomey, African tribes offered the blood of hens, ducks and cows at the palace every year. Later they offered the shed blood of prisoners taken during wars.
Even in our own country, we can see this custom practiced. Exorcists will dance for a time before stabbing a pig in the neck, shedding its blood. They then cut a cross on the pig and plunge the knife into the center of the cross.
In looking at the world’s history of sacrifice, we can see that most of the peoples in the world shared the custom and tradition of making sacrifices to atone for their sins with blood.
In his famous book “The Golden Bough” Professor Frazer states that 90 percent of the worlds’ people offered sacrifices through the shedding of blood on their religious festival days.
The Christian anthropologist, Dr. Alexander Grigola, concluded that 95 percent of the people in the world offered blood sacrifices to god. Regarding the custom or tradition of receiving forgiveness of one’s sins through blood, he says, “In committing sins to god, or in evil deeds, it is the nature of human beings to believe in the receiving of forgiveness of their sins through blood alone, regardless of the type of blood involved.”
If this is so, where did the custom of believing in the atonement of sin through the sacrifice of blood begin? Is it a superstitious custom which came about by chance? If not, is it based in history, or in the Bible? The answer can be found in the Bible. God, the Creator of human beings, revealed the manner of being saved to each person destined to eternal punishment due to his sins. This manner is the receiving of atonement for one’s sins through the blood.
2. Biblical Overview of Atonement for Sin
Now let’s look at what the Bible has to tell us concerning the atonement for sin. Leviticus 17:11 has already told us, “The life of a creature is in the blood, and I have given it to you to make atonement for yourselves on the altar; it is the blood that atone’s for one’s sin.”
Hebrews 9:22 says, “In fact, the law requires that nearly everything be cleansed with blood, and without the shedding of blood there is no forgiveness.”
In Old Testament days, animals such as sheep or cattle were used to supply the blood for sacrifices. But since Jesus Christ, true God and true man shed His blood on the cross, we do not need to offer sheep or cow blood sacrifices, as was done in the days of the Old Testament. This is because the atonement for our sins has already been completed when Jesus was crucified and died on the cross. Animal or human blood does not have any special significance. Therefore, you need not avoid it. This also means that you need not refrain from having blood transfusions.
Therefore, no matter who has committed many sins, if he believes in the blood of Jesus Christ, shed on the cross, he will receive both forgiveness for his sins and eternal life, and enter into heaven.
The day before He was crucified on the cross, Jesus broke bread with His disciples, and gave it to them, saying, “This is my body.” He poured wine for them, saying, “This is my blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many for the forgiveness of sins.” Matthew 26:28.
In the days of the Old Testament, the temple altar held horns onto which blood was smeared. No matter how sinful a person was, how much they deserved to be hung, if they held the horns of the altar, no one could kill them. The Covenant can be explained in the same manner as the knobs of the horns; even though we are so wicked and have committed many, many sins, if we believe in the blood of Jesus Christ, shed on the Cross, God will forgive us of our sins, and save us.
Christianity is closely related to the blood. Christianity is not a moral or ethical thought system, but a religion of redemption through the blood of Christ.
In 1 Peter 1:18-19, we read, “For you know that it was not with perishable things such as silver or gold that you were redeemed from the empty way of life handed down to you from your forefathers, but with the precious blood of Christ, a lamb without blemish or defect.”
In Ephesians 2:13, it is written, “But now in Christ Jesus you who once were far away have been brought near through the blood of Christ.”
Even though you are removed from God through your sins, your complete reliance in the blood of Christ shall bring you closer and unite you with God again.
Romans 5:9 says, “Since we have been justified by his blood, how much more shall we be saved from God’s wrath through him!”
By the blood of Jesus we are justified, and through the blood of Jesus we are saved from everlasting destruction. Further, the blood is a weapon which can be used to resist and overcome Satan.
Revelation 12:11 says, “They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony.”
We can repel and then overcome the devil by the blood of Jesus. Jesus’ blood is a shield of power which we can use to repel those accusations of the devil which make appeal to our consciences, by reason of our sins.
In Hebrews 9:14, it is said, “How much more then, will the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself unblemished to God, cleanse our consciences from acts that lead to death, so that we may serve the living God!”
In addition to these verses, the Bible contains numerous others concerning the precious blood of Jesus Christ.
Adam and Eve’s fig leaf coverings, which they made by hand to cover their own shame, after having committed the original sin, represent man’s fruitless attempts to solve the problems of sin, through his own morality, cultivation or philosophy.
The sheepskin garments made by God for Adam and Eve with which He clothed them in His mercy represent the cloth of blood of Jesus Christ, the eternal ransom. Therefore, from now on even though a person be sinful and without any meritorious deeds, if he sincerely relies on the merit of the blood of Jesus Christ, sent to us by God, his faith shall make him a righteous man, and he shall enter the heavenly Kingdom.
Cain, who brought some of the fruits of the soil, raised by his own hands, as an offering to the Lord, but did not receive God’s favor for them, stands for a man who thinks of himself as saved through his own efforts and good deeds. Abel’s offering, of sheep blood, which God looked upon favorably, shows us how to be righteous and saved through the merit of the blood of Jesus Christ, the Lamb of the Lord.
Cain had no belief in the blood, but Able had. Therefore, God looked with favor upon Able and his offering.
Likewise, these days God does not accept anyone who comes forward to Him on his own power, effort and means, even though that man might be making every effort, doing much good work and spoken of by others as a righteous man.
But, only through the reliance on the merit of the blood of Jesus Christ, the Lamb, who atoned for our sins, will you be accepted by God and saved.
During the first Passover, Pharaoh called a plague upon the firstborn sons of Egypt, and every one of them was put to death that night, from the firstborn son of Pharaoh himself to that of the slave girl, and even the cattle. However, the Angel of death passed those houses by which had painted the blood of lambs on the sides and tops of the doorframes. In the same way, one who believes in the blood of Jesus Christ and paints the sides and tops of the doorframes of his heart with it shall escape the judgment of God, and will be saved.
The Israelites crossed the Red Sea safely, but the Egyptian army did not, and was overwhelmed by its waters. This is because the soldiers did not cover themselves with the blood of lambs.
A well painted front gate will not save you, even if it is painted with gold. Neither will our good deeds or acts of wisdom lead us to be saved. Exodus 12:13 says, “When I see the blood, I will pass over you.”
The conquering of death, the blessing with eternal life and the entry into the Heavenly Kingdom are only possible by the faith that Salvation is only allowed him who, in his heart, believes in the merit of the blood of Jesus, the Lamb.
The standard of Judgment used to decide whether we will be saved or not is dependant on the depth of our faith in the blood of Jesus Christ in our heart.
Once we are saved, we are no longer subjected to God’s judgment for our sins, but only rewards for our deeds.
Once, Yoo Je-Doo, a world champion boxer, was defeated by his competitor, Wazima in a championship match. The chief referee was Korean. Even though the referee might have wanted to take sides with Yoo as his countryman, he had to assume a fair position and declare Wazima the winner. Yoo lost his championship belt, even though the referee loved him in his heart.
Brothers, when the first ancestors of human beings, Adam and Eve, surrendered themselves to the temptation of the devil, God had to take a fair position despite his love toward them. So God allowed the devil to deprive human beings of their rights, saying the wages of sin is death. As a result, we lost eternal life.
But God loves us so, that He sent us the second Adam, Jesus Christ, and let Him struggle with and conquer death. Unfortunately, we cannot avoid our destruction because we are descendants of the first Adam, but we can become righteous and unconditionally saved without having to pay the wages of sin – by believing in the second Adam, Jesus Christ. Hallelujah!
Once, a young man, the son of a judge, was driving his car rather recklessly, and caused a traffic accident. When he was brought to trial, he found that the judge assigned to his case was his father. He stared deeply at the judge, thinking – this is my father, surely he will forgive and release me. But after looking at his son with a strict expression for some time, he said, “Let’s call this case to order! Accused, please tell the court your name.” The young man said, “Father, it’s me, it’s me,” but the judge ignored him and instead thundered, “This is a court of law. There are no private discussions here. Tell me your name.”
Finally the young man had to answer, “My name is John.” “What is your address?” asked the judge. “The same as yours,” answered the young man. Again the judge grew angry and yelled, “Tell the court your address!” The young man had to repeat his address. After putting a deposition on record, and reading it aloud, the judge sentenced the young man with a fine of $780. The young man sat on the floor, indignant over his father’s unfair treatment, crying bitterly. Yet, the moment he took off his robe and put on his suit jacket, the judge returned to his warm-hearted role as a father. He approached his son and asked, “How can you be surprised by my actions? I’m a fair judge and must observe both the letter of the law, and the rules of our nation. How can I break the law for a private affection?” Then his father gave him $780, so that he could pay his fine, saying, “Take this and pay the fine. Once this paper is signed, you may go.” The son truly did not know his father’s will until that moment.
To uphold the law, the father had to try the case and punish the son with a fine. Yet knowing that his son could not pay the fine, he gave him the money to do so, and let him pay the fine himself, so that he could go free.
Likewise, even though we can’t avoid being destroyed due to the wages of our sins, God did send his only Son, Jesus Christ, into the world, and let Him shed His blood on the Cross, because there can be no forgiveness without the shedding of blood. Through such a work, God offered His righteousness and saved human beings.
Therefore, believe that whoever believes in Jesus Christ will be forgiven and blessed with eternal life. I want to close this sermon by quoting John 3:16: “For God so loved the world, that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish, but have eternal life.”
Amen

